Used xylocaine for tooth ache. Cheeks bulged, tooth infected, pain increased. What to do?Hi, I used xylocaine pump spray 10 yesterday at around 9:00 am since I had pain in my tooth, I used the pump for more then 7 pumps unfortuantely my cheeks got bulged and the tooth got infected and pain increased.the cheeks are becoming more bulged, its asif I have the half of my face being introduced to some botox injections.. What am I supposed to do to let the bulged cheeks get to its normailty..<>Dear friend.Thanks for sharing your concern.Excessive usage of xylocaine is not recommended,please remember your tooth is already infected so the swelling is due to that,and excessive usage of anesthetic spray has added on to this phenomenon.It can effect locally but your toothache is due to deep pulpal infection,which requires treatment.you can confirm it through x ray.you are advised to visit your dentist soon and start with antibiotics and analgesics for reducing pain and infection.Meanwhile please stop using xylocaine ,If required,you can take analgesics till you visit your dentist.swelling will reduce only after appropriate treatment, probably root canal.Warm saline rinses will help relieve oral infection.Hope it helps.Thanks.Take care.<>I'm sorry to hear about the discomfort you are experiencing. It's important to seek medical attention if you are experiencing any unusual or concerning symptoms after using a medication. Xylocaine is a local anesthetic that is used to numb a specific area of the body. It is not uncommon for the area where the medication was applied to feel numb or swollen for a short period of time after use. However, if the swelling or pain persists or increases, it is important to seek medical attention as soon as possible.\n\nIn the meantime, you can try using a cold compress or ice pack on the affected area to help reduce swelling and numbness. Avoid eating or drinking hot foods or liquids and try to keep the affected area as still as possible to minimize discomfort.\n\nIt is important to follow the instructions for use provided with the medication and to only use the medication as directed. If you have any questions or concerns about the use of Xylocaine, you should speak with a healthcare provider. They will be able to provide you with more specific advice and guidance based on your individual circumstances.<>medicine