How did Edgar Allan Poe die?<>On October 7, 1849, at age 40, Poe died in Baltimore; the cause of his death is unknown and has been variously attributed to alcohol, brain congestion, cholera , drugs, heart disease, rabies , suicide, tuberculosis, and other agents.<>Edgar Allan Poe died on October 7, 1849, at the age of 40. The circumstances surrounding his death are not entirely clear and have been the subject of much speculation over the years.\\n\\nAccording to some accounts, Poe was found delirious and in a state of great distress on the streets of Baltimore on October 3, 1849. He was taken to the Washington College Hospital, where he remained until his death four days later. The cause of Poe's death is not known for certain, but it is believed that he may have died from complications related to alcoholism or from other health problems. Some historians have suggested that Poe may have died from rabies, but this theory has not been widely accepted.\\n\\nPoe's death was a great loss to the literary world and his work continues to be widely read and admired to this day.","Edgar Allan Poe died on October 7, 1849, at the age of 40. The circumstances of his death are not definitively known, and there have been many theories about the cause of his death.\\n\\nAccording to one theory, Poe died of rabies, which he may have contracted after being bitten by a stray animal. Other theories suggest that he may have died of alcoholism, syphilis, or other diseases. There have also been suggestions that Poe was murdered, but there is no evidence to support this theory.\\n\\nAt the time of his death, Poe was found in a state of delirium in Baltimore, Maryland, and was taken to Washington College Hospital, where he died four days later. The exact cause of his death remains a mystery to this day.","Edgar Allan Poe, an American writer and poet, died on October 7, 1849. The exact cause of his death is not known, but it is believed that he may have died from complications related to alcoholism or drug abuse. Some accounts suggest that he was found delirious and in a state of extreme distress in the streets of Baltimore, Maryland, and was taken to a hospital where he later died. Other accounts suggest that he may have died of rabies or other infectious diseases. Despite the many theories that have been proposed, the true cause of Poe's death remains a mystery.<>open_qa