Is it a bad idea to buy a motorcycle with a lien on it?<>A lien is a mechanism to impede legal title transfer of a vehicle, real property, or sometimes, expensive business equipment.  That's why title companies exist - to make sure there are no liens against something before a buyer hands money to a seller. The lien can be attached to a loan, unpaid labor related to the item (a mechanic's lien) or unpaid taxes, and there are other scenarios where this could occur. The gist of all this is that the seller of the vehicle mentioned does not have clear title if there is a lien.  This introduces a risk for the buyer.  The buyer can pay the seller the money to cover the lien (in the case of a bank loan) but that doesn't mean the seller will actually pay off the loan (so the title is never clear!).  This article recommends visiting the bank with the seller, and getting title on-the-spot.  However, this isn't always an option, as a local bank branch isn't probably going to have the title document available, though the seller might be able to make some arrangement for a local branch to have the title available before a visit to pay off the loan. The low-risk approach is for the seller to have clear title before any money changes hands.<>It is generally not a good idea to buy a motorcycle with a lien on it. A lien is a legal claim or hold that a lender has on a piece of property, such as a motorcycle, as collateral for a loan. If the borrower fails to pay back the loan, the lender has the right to seize the property in order to recover the amount owed.If you buy a motorcycle with a lien on it, you will not be the legal owner of the motorcycle until the lien has been paid off. This means that you will not have full ownership rights and may not be able to do things like sell the motorcycle or transfer the title to someone else until the lien has been satisfied. In addition, the lender has the right to repossess the motorcycle if the borrower defaults on the loan, which could leave you without a means of transportation and potentially out the money you paid for the motorcycle.It is generally better to buy a motorcycle that is free and clear of any liens. This will give you full ownership rights and allow you to do things like sell or transfer the title without any issues. If you are interested in buying a motorcycle with a lien, it is important to carefully consider the terms of the loan and make sure you are comfortable with the risk involved.<>finance