why are a vast majority of vinyl records on black vinyl , when coloured vinyl is possible and looks really good ? Does the colour make the vinyl weaker or something ? Or it it just more expensive ? Please explain like I'm five.<>From how my grandpops explained it , part of the process of \" coloring \" the vinyl record with the black tint both strengthens and reinforces its material . Black vinyl records last longer over time ( which is the biggest selling point of a record , it 's an antique ) and apparently retain a better sound quality . People will tell you that Colored vinyl has a smoother sound , or a better balance . It 's bogus . The biggest effect on tone remains the way you keep and preserve the record . Dusty records , scratched records , bent records , and god forbid chipped records . All these can ruin a good vinyl , and people do n't think twice about how they store their records . Colored vinyl is just a gimmick , and another way to jazz up your neat record collection . Price really is n't a huge deal when we 're speaking records , it 's really a collectors hobby . edit- wow , spelling .<>Vinyl records are typically made from a mixture of PVC (polyvinyl chloride) and other materials that give the vinyl its strength and durability. The color of the vinyl is created by adding pigments to the PVC mixture before the vinyl is pressed into records.Black vinyl is the most common color for vinyl records because it is the most cost-effective to produce. This is because black pigments are the least expensive to purchase and the easiest to work with, compared to other colored pigments. Additionally, black vinyl is the most resistant to fading and discoloration over time, which is why it is preferred for long-term storage and archival purposes.Colored vinyl can be made by adding pigments to the PVC mixture, but it is generally more expensive to produce than black vinyl. This is because colored pigments are more expensive to purchase and can be more difficult to work with, resulting in higher production costs.So, in short, black vinyl is the most common color for vinyl records because it is the least expensive to produce and is more resistant to fading over time. Colored vinyl is possible, but it is generally more expensive to produce.<>reddit_eli5