Does FHA goes hand in hand with PMI ?<>I don't know that FHA loans have better rates than conventional loans.  I've never heard that and some quick googling didn't yield anything (please correct me if I'm wrong). So if you have the necessary down payment to get a conventional loan, I'm not sure I see any benefit for looking at FHA loans.  I think the only benefit outside of a low down payment is the ability to (possibly) get a loan with a lower credit score.<>FHA (Federal Housing Administration) mortgages are a type of home loan that is insured by the Federal Housing Administration, a government agency. FHA loans are often attractive to first-time homebuyers and those with less-than-perfect credit, because they have more lenient credit and income requirements than conventional mortgages.Private mortgage insurance (PMI) is a type of insurance that is typically required by lenders when a borrower makes a down payment of less than 20% of the purchase price of a home. PMI protects the lender in the event that the borrower defaults on the mortgage.FHA loans do require the borrower to pay for mortgage insurance, but this insurance is different from PMI. FHA mortgage insurance is called mortgage insurance premium (MIP) and is required for all FHA loans. MIP is similar to PMI in that it protects the lender in the event of default, but it is funded differently and is managed by the Federal Housing Administration rather than a private insurance company.So, while FHA loans do require the borrower to pay for mortgage insurance, it is not the same as PMI. FHA loans do not require PMI, but some conventional mortgages do. It is important to understand the terms of your mortgage and the type of insurance that is required in order to be prepared for the costs of homeownership.","FHA mortgage insurance and private mortgage insurance (PMI) are two types of mortgage insurance that can be required for homebuyers who obtain a mortgage loan to purchase a home.FHA mortgage insurance is required for all FHA loans. It is a type of mortgage insurance that is administered by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), a government agency. FHA mortgage insurance helps protect lenders from losses that may occur if a borrower defaults on an FHA loan. FHA mortgage insurance is required for the life of the loan, and it cannot be canceled unless certain conditions are met.PMI is a type of mortgage insurance that is typically required for conventional loans when the borrower makes a down payment of less than 20% of the purchase price of the home. PMI is also used to protect the lender in the event that the borrower defaults on the loan. PMI can be canceled once the borrower has built up enough equity in the home, typically after the loan-to-value ratio (LTV) of the loan falls below 78%.So, in summary, FHA mortgage insurance is required for all FHA loans, while PMI is typically required for conventional loans with a low down payment. FHA mortgage insurance cannot be canceled, while PMI can be canceled once the borrower has built up enough equity in the home.<>finance