My Co-Signer is the Primary Account Holder for my Car Loan - Does this affect my credit?<>It sounds like your father got a loan and you are making the payments.  If your name and SSN are not on the loan then you are not getting credit for making the payments your father is.  So it will not affect your credit.  If you are on the loan as a secondary borrower it will affect your credit but not substantially on the positive but could affect it substantially on the negative side. Since your father is named as the primary borrower you will probably need to talk with him about it first.  If this is a mistake the 2 of you will need to work together with the bank to get it corrected.  Since your father is currently listed first the bank is probably going to be unable(even if they are willing) to make a change to the loan now with out his explicit permission. In addition if the loan is in your fathers name, if it is a vehicle loan, then the car is most likely in your fathers name as well.  Most states require that the primary signatory on a vehicle loan also be the primary owner on the title to the vehicle.  If your fathers name is the primary name on the title then you would have to retitle the car to refinance in your name.<>If you have a co-signer on your car loan, it means that the co-signer has agreed to take on responsibility for the loan if you are unable to make the payments. In this case, the co-signer is not the primary account holder, but they are still financially responsible for the loan. This means that if you fail to make the payments on the loan, the lender can go after the co-signer for the unpaid balance.As a result, the co-signer's credit will be affected by the loan. If the payments are made on time, the co-signer's credit will be positively impacted. If the payments are not made on time, the co-signer's credit will be negatively impacted.It's important to note that your credit will also be affected by the loan, whether you are the primary account holder or not. If you make the payments on time, your credit will be positively impacted. If you miss payments or default on the loan, your credit will be negatively impacted.In summary, a co-signer's credit is affected by a car loan whether they are the primary account holder or not. It's important to make sure that the loan payments are made on time to avoid negative impacts on both you and the co-signer's credit.<>finance