What is a proxy , how do I get one and why do I want to ? Is TOR a proxy ? If so what does it do and why do I have it ? Explain like I'm five.<>a proxy is where you have a computer look at web pages remotely and it then will send that web page to you . It is useful to do this when you would like to conceal the computer you are working on or just want content that is not available where you are ( if you are in China you might want one in Africa to avoid censorship . Or anyone may want a proxy in the UK during the Olympics to get all the events live streamed that were not allowed to be viewed outside of the country ) . URL_0 TOR appears to have a proxy within a proxy and so on that changes periodically . \" Users of a Tor network run an onion proxy on their machine . \" the onion here referring to layers , you have multiple layers of proxies . I would n't be too concerned with any proxy on your computer , unless you did not install it on there . If that is the case , you may want to ask about people who were using your computer .<>A proxy is a server that acts as an intermediary between your computer and the internet. When you connect to the internet, you can use a proxy to either hide your IP address or to access websites that may be blocked in your region.\n\nTo get a proxy, you can either use a proxy service or set up your own proxy server. A proxy service is a company that provides proxies that you can use to connect to the internet. You can sign up for a proxy service and pay a fee to use their proxies.\n\nTOR, or The Onion Router, is a network of servers that allows you to browse the internet anonymously. When you use TOR, your internet traffic is routed through multiple servers, making it difficult for anyone to track your online activity or identify your location. TOR can be used as a proxy to access websites that may be blocked in your region.\n\nYou might want to use a proxy or TOR for a variety of reasons. For example, you might use a proxy to protect your privacy online, or to access websites that are blocked in your region. You might use TOR if you want to browse the internet anonymously, or if you want to access websites that are only available on the TOR network.<>reddit_eli5