Why am I not able to conceive as we are trying for a baby ?my helathe is fine i run everyday i eat helath and fatty foods hi there me and my boyfreind have been trying for a baby 4 a year but nothing is happening i have done ovilitoin test and i do a pergence test every month as we want 1 so much can you help me please<>Hi!welcome to healthcaremagic.com.Since you are not able to conceive after 4 years it is better you undergo thorough medical evaluation for both of you to ascertain the reason of non conceivement.Do ultrasound serially to check if ovaries are releasing egg normally.Also a dye test to confirm patency of tubes.Blood tests like blood profile,Lh,Fsh,Thyroid,Prolactin,Sugar profile.And his side semen analysis will suffice.<>I'm sorry to hear that you and your boyfriend have been trying to conceive for a year without success. There could be a variety of reasons why you have not been able to conceive. Here are a few possibilities:\n\nOvulation problems: If you are not ovulating (releasing an egg) regularly, it can be difficult to get pregnant. Ovulation problems can be caused by a variety of factors, including hormonal imbalances, obesity, stress, and certain medications.\n\nMale fertility issues: Male fertility can also play a role in conception. If your partner has a low sperm count or poor sperm motility (movement), it can be more difficult to get pregnant.\n\nOther fertility problems: Other fertility problems, such as uterine fibroids, endometriosis, or scar tissue from previous surgery, can also make it difficult to get pregnant.\n\nIf you have been trying to get pregnant for a year without success, it may be a good idea to speak with a healthcare provider or fertility specialist. They can help you identify any potential fertility issues and recommend treatment options.\n\nIn the meantime, there are a few things you can try to improve your chances of getting pregnant:\n\nTrack your ovulation: Knowing when you are most likely to ovulate can help you time intercourse to improve your chances of getting pregnant. You can track your ovulation by using an ovulation predictor kit, charting your basal body temperature, or tracking your cervical mucus.\n\nEat a healthy diet: A healthy diet can help improve fertility by providing your body with the nutrients it needs to support a pregnancy. Try to eat a variety of healthy foods, including plenty of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, and lean proteins.\n\nExercise regularly: Regular exercise can help improve fertility by reducing stress and maintaining a healthy weight. Aim for at least 30 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise, such as brisk walking, most days of the week.\n\nAvoid harmful substances: Substance abuse, including tobacco and excessive alcohol consumption, can harm fertility. If you smoke, try to quit, and limit your alcohol intake to no more than one drink per day.\n\nI hope this information is helpful. Good luck with your efforts to conceive!<>medicine