Suggest treatment for low appetite in childrenWe cant seem to get my 3 year old Grand Daughter to eat much and she was sick a week ago but now all she seems to have is some diearah and a swollen stomach and all she will eat is yogurt and a some Gatorade and milk. she is still very active should we take her off the milk for a few days.<>Hi...I take this opportunity to tell you certain scientific facts and relieve your distress - 1. An active is a well kid even if she\/ he is not eating well. 2. Development of a kid is as important as or I would say even more important than growth alone.3. As the kids grow their interest in food decreases and interest in play activities increases so that they eat small quantity and run away to play. As parents we need to be more patient and feed than less quantity but more aliquots per day.4. This age rather than the quantity of the food I suggest you concentrate more on the number of times you feed her and also make whatever you feed her calorie dense by adding good amount of ghee to it.5. I suggest you not to use appetite stimulants on long run as they may cause drowsiness.Regards - Dr. Sumanth<>Low appetite in children can be caused by a number of things, including illness, medication, emotional issues, or problems with the child's environment or diet. It's important to try to identify the underlying cause of the low appetite in order to determine the appropriate treatment.\n\nIf your grandchild has been sick and has diarrhea, it's possible that her low appetite is related to the illness. In this case, it's important to make sure that she is getting enough fluids to prevent dehydration, as diarrhea can cause fluid loss. Giving her Gatorade and milk can help to replenish fluids and electrolytes, but it's also important to try to get her to eat a well-balanced diet to provide the nutrients she needs for her body to recover.\n\nIf your grandchild's appetite does not improve after a few days or if she continues to have diarrhea, it's a good idea to consult a healthcare professional for further evaluation and guidance. The healthcare professional will be able to assess your grandchild's overall health and determine if there are any underlying issues that need to be addressed.\n\nIn the meantime, there are a few things you can try to help increase your grandchild's appetite:\n\nOffer small, frequent meals and snacks rather than three large meals. Children's appetites can vary from day to day, and they may be more likely to eat if they are offered smaller amounts of food more frequently.\n\nOffer a variety of healthy, appealing foods. Children are more likely to eat if they are offered a variety of foods that they find appealing.\n\nEncourage your grandchild to eat at regular mealtimes and create a pleasant, relaxed atmosphere at meal times.\n\nAvoid pressuring your grandchild to eat or forcing her to eat certain foods. This can make meal times stressful and may actually decrease her appetite.\n\nIt's generally not necessary to take your grandchild off milk unless she has a specific allergy or intolerance. Milk is an important source of nutrients, including protein, calcium, and vitamin D, and it can be helpful in promoting healing and recovery after an illness. If you have concerns about your grandchild's diet or nutrition, it's a good idea to consult a healthcare professional for guidance.<>medicine