What are frontier markets? Is investing in them a good idea?<>From Wikipedia A frontier market is a type of developing country which is more developed than the least developing countries, but too small to be generally considered an emerging market. The term is an economic term which was coined by International Finance Corporation’s Farida Khambata in 1992. The term is commonly used to describe the equity markets of the smaller and less accessible, but still \"investable\", countries of the developing world. The frontier, or pre-emerging equity markets are typically pursued by investors seeking high, long-run return potential as well as low correlations with other markets. Some frontier market countries were emerging markets in the past, but have regressed to frontier status. Investopedia has a good comparison on Emerging Vs Frontier While frontier market investments certainly come with some substantial risks, they also may post the kind of returns that emerging markets did during the 1990s and early 2000s. The frontier market contains anywhere from one-fifth to one-third of the world’s population and includes several exponentially growing economies. The other Question    and are they a good option as well? This depends on risk appetite and your current investment profile. If you have already invested in domestic markets with a well diversified portfolio and have also invested in emerging markets, you can then think of expanding your portfolio into these.<>Frontier markets are countries that are in the early stages of economic and political development, and are considered to be less advanced than emerging markets. These markets tend to be less liquid and more volatile than emerging markets, and also tend to have lower levels of regulation and transparency. As a result, investing in frontier markets can be risky and may not be suitable for all investors.However, frontier markets can also offer significant growth potential and diversification benefits to investors who are willing to take on additional risk. Frontier markets are often less correlated to developed markets, which means that they may not move in the same direction as the larger global markets. This can make them a useful tool for portfolio diversification.It is important to thoroughly research any investment, including those in frontier markets, and to carefully consider your risk tolerance and investment objectives before making any decisions. It may also be a good idea to consult with a financial advisor or professional before making any investments.<>finance