Suggest treatment for dermatitis in a 11 years old childMy 11 year old son most likely has perioral dermatitis from over use of steriod on his rash on the sides of his nose, elidel is not helping much and we have been using it for like 6 months...family doctor gave us mipirocin to try but its redder and crusty lookign now.<>Hi...Thank you for consulting in Health Care magic. Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically.  Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Health care magic are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.Dr. Sumanth MBBS., DCH., DNB (Paed).,<>I'm sorry to hear that your son is experiencing discomfort and skin irritation. Perioral dermatitis is a type of facial rash that can be caused by a variety of factors, including the use of topical steroids, certain skin care products, and certain medications. It is important to work closely with a healthcare provider to determine the most appropriate treatment for your son's specific case.\n\nTreatment for perioral dermatitis may include the following:\n\nAvoiding the use of topical steroids and certain skin care products, such as facial cleansers and creams that contain ingredients that can irritate the skin.\n\nUsing a mild, non-irritating facial cleanser and moisturizer.\n\nApplying a topical antibiotic, such as mupirocin, to the affected area as directed by a healthcare provider.\n\nTaking an oral antibiotic if a bacterial infection is present or suspected.\n\nUsing a mild corticosteroid cream under the supervision of a healthcare provider.\n\nIt is important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your son's healthcare provider, as well as to practice good skin care habits, such as washing the face gently with a mild cleanser and using a non-irritating moisturizer. If the condition does not improve with treatment or if it worsens, it is important to contact a healthcare provider for further evaluation and management.<>medicine