Please explain what is \"Image sensor\"<>An image sensor or imager is a sensor that detects and conveys information used to make an image. It does so by converting the variable attenuation of light waves (as they pass through or reflect off objects) into signals, small bursts of current that convey the information. The waves can be light or other electromagnetic radiation. Image sensors are used in electronic imaging devices of both analog and digital types, which include digital cameras, camera modules, camera phones, optical mouse devices, medical imaging equipment, night vision equipment such as thermal imaging devices, radar, sonar, and others. As technology changes, electronic and digital imaging tends to replace chemical and analog imaging.\nThe two main types of electronic image sensors are the charge-coupled device (CCD) and the active-pixel sensor (CMOS sensor). Both CCD and CMOS sensors are based on metal–oxide–semiconductor (MOS) technology, with CCDs based on MOS capacitors and CMOS sensors based on MOSFET (MOS field-effect transistor) amplifiers. Analog sensors for invisible radiation tend to involve vacuum tubes of various kinds, while digital sensors include flat-panel detectors.<>An image sensor is a device that converts an optical image into an electronic signal. It is used in digital cameras, scanners, and other image-capturing devices to capture and record images.\n\n\n\nAn image sensor consists of a matrix of photodiodes, which are light-sensitive elements that convert light into an electrical current. When light enters the camera and hits the image sensor, it is absorbed by the photodiodes, which generate an electrical current proportional to the intensity of the light. The image sensor converts this electrical current into digital data, which is then processed by the camera's image processing unit to produce a digital image.\n\n\n\nThere are two main types of image sensors: CCD (charge-coupled device) and CMOS (complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor). CCD sensors are generally more expensive to manufacture, but they produce higher quality images with less noise. CMOS sensors are less expensive to manufacture and consume less power, but they may produce images with more noise.\n\n\n\nIn summary, an image sensor is a crucial component of any image-capturing device, as it converts the light that enters the device into a digital representation of the scene that can be stored and manipulated.<>wiki_csai