Q. What are the chances of getting HIV after unprotected anal sex?Hi doctor,I had an unprotected anal sex for a small duration with a guy before two days. Now, I am worried about HIV and other STD infections. So I would like to know about the chances that how could I have gotten HIV infection from him if he was positive? When can I have my tests of HIV and STDs done?<>Hi. Unprotected anal sex carries a high risk of acquisition of HIV. You are still in the window period, where the post-exposure prophylaxis can be given as it can be initiated within 72 hours of last exposure. HIV test can be done now. This will help you to know about your pre-existing status. Get the first test done at four to six weeks of the last exposure. For more information consult an HIV AIDS specialist online --> https:\/\/www.icliniq.com\/ask-a-doctor-online\/HIV-AIDS-specialist<>It is important to be aware that engaging in unprotected anal sex carries a high risk of HIV transmission, as well as other sexually transmitted infections (STIs). HIV is transmitted through the exchange of body fluids, and the lining of the anus is more prone to tearing and exposure to HIV than the lining of the vagina or mouth. This means that the risk of HIV transmission during anal sex is higher than during other sexual activities.\n\nThe chances of getting HIV after unprotected anal sex depend on several factors, including the HIV status of the partner, the presence of other STIs, and the presence of any cuts or abrasions on the skin. It is also important to consider the prevalence of HIV in the community where the sexual encounter took place, as HIV is more common in some populations than others.\n\nIf you are concerned about the possibility of HIV transmission, it is important to get tested as soon as possible. HIV testing should be done at least 3-6 weeks after potential exposure, as it can take that long for the virus to be detectable in the body. You can also be tested for other STIs at this time. It is important to note that some STIs, including HIV, may not show up on a test until several weeks or even months after infection, so it is important to practice safe sex and get tested regularly to ensure that you are not unknowingly transmitting HIV or other STIs to your partners.<>medicine