Please explain what is \"Visible light\"<>Light or visible light is electromagnetic radiation that can be perceived by the human eye. Visible light is usually defined as having wavelengths in the range of 400–700 nanometres (nm), corresponding to frequencies of 750–420 terahertz, between the infrared (with longer wavelengths) and the ultraviolet (with shorter wavelengths).\nIn physics, the term \"light\" may refer more broadly to electromagnetic radiation of any wavelength, whether visible or not. In this sense, gamma rays, X-rays, microwaves and radio waves are also light. The primary properties of light are intensity, propagation direction, frequency or wavelength spectrum and polarization. Its speed in a vacuum, 299 792 458 metres a second (m\/s), is one of the fundamental constants of nature. Like all types of electromagnetic radiation, visible light propagates by massless elementary particles called photons that represents the quanta of electromagnetic field, and can be analyzed as both waves and particles. The study of light, known as optics, is an important research area in modern physics.\nThe main source of natural light on Earth is the Sun.  Historically, another important source of light for humans has been fire, from ancient campfires to modern kerosene lamps. With the development of electric lights and power systems, electric lighting has effectively replaced firelight.<>Visible light is a type of electromagnetic radiation that is visible to the human eye. It has a wavelength that falls within the range of about 400 nanometers (nm) to 700 nm, which is why it is called visible light. The shorter the wavelength of the light, the higher its energy and the bluer it appears. The longer the wavelength, the lower the energy and the redder it appears.\n\n\n\nVisible light is a small part of the electromagnetic spectrum, which includes radio waves, microwaves, infrared radiation, ultraviolet radiation, X-rays, and gamma rays. These types of electromagnetic radiation are all around us, but we can only see a small portion of them.\n\n\n\nVisible light plays an important role in many aspects of our lives. It enables us to see the world around us, and it is also used in a variety of applications, such as lighting, communications, and photography.<>wiki_csai