EI5 : when i read \" Economy sinks on fears of a global slowdown \" who are this scared people ? why they ca nt just be brave and not sink the economy ? Would there be any difference if they were not scared ? Explain like I'm five.<>Imagine you and all your friends are a baseball card collectors . You like to trade cards between each other and , occassionally , sell them for money to a card shop . If you 're a good collector and trader , you can make more money than you started off with . One day , one of your friends hears a rumor that the card shop is n't doing too well and may not pay as much for your cards any more . In fact , it may go out of business . If you do n't sell your cards before the shop closes , you wo n't be able to make any money . ( Imagine , for the moment , that you no longer really like baseball cards and are only in this for the money ) . Now you have two options . As your first option , you can run to the card store and try to sell what you 've got . Other people may be running over there as well , and they might be willing to sell their cards for less than you are . To compete with the other people , you might have to lower your asking price and get even less money from the sale . Your second option is not to believe the rumor . You think that the card shop will continue operating . In fact , you can try to convince all your friends to give the card shop a loan , to help it through these tough times . If the card shop lives on , you can sell your cards later and might even end up making more money . If you choose the first option and you 're wrong , you do n't lose much . If the card shop keeps operating , you can go back and buy more cards at a later date . You 'll have lost some money , but you protected yourself against the rumor . If you choose the second option and you 're wrong , you lose a lot . You 're left holding cards that you ca n't sell . And if you ended up giving the card shop a loan -- and it still closed -- you're out that money too . So it 's not necessarily a matter of being \" brave . \" It makes good sense for you to sell your cards early and at a lower price . That way , you might make some money and you at least cut your losses . The bad thing is , all of your friends are making this same decision too . So everybody starts selling early and for cheap , which causes the card market to lose a lot of its value .<>When people read about a potential global slowdown in the economy, they may become worried about the future. This can cause them to make decisions that are based on fear, such as saving more money or spending less. These actions can have a negative impact on the economy, because they can lead to lower demand for goods and services, which can cause businesses to make less money and potentially lay off workers. It is not necessarily a matter of being brave or not. People may have legitimate concerns about their financial stability and the well-being of their families, and they may act in their own self-interest to protect themselves. If people were not scared and continued to spend and invest in the same way as before, it is possible that the economy might not be impacted as significantly. However, it is also possible that a global slowdown could still occur for other reasons, such as changes in government policies or natural disasters.<>reddit_eli5