what are d.o. of medicine<>Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O. or DO) is a professional doctoral degree for physicians offered by medical schools in the United States .Holders of the D.O. degree are known as osteopathic physicians and have the same rights, privileges, and responsibilities as physicians with a Doctor of Medicine degree (M.D.).<>D.O. stands for Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine. It is a professional doctoral degree in medicine that is awarded to individuals who have completed a program of study in osteopathic medicine at an accredited college or university. Osteopathic medicine is a system of medical care that focuses on the whole person and the role that the musculoskeletal system plays in health and disease. D.O.s receive training in all of the same core medical subjects as M.D.s (Doctors of Medicine), but they also receive additional training in osteopathic manipulative treatment (OMT), a hands-on approach to diagnosis and treatment that involves moving and manipulating muscles, bones, and other tissues in the body. D.O.s are licensed to practice medicine in all 50 states and are fully qualified to prescribe medications and perform surgery. They work in a variety of medical settings, including hospitals, clinics, and private practices, and they can specialize in any area of medicine.","Doctor of Medicine (MD) is a professional degree in medicine that is awarded to individuals who have completed a program of study at a medical school. The MD degree is a postgraduate degree that is recognized by many countries around the world as a qualification for practicing medicine. MD programs typically include coursework in a range of medical subjects, as well as clinical rotations in which students gain hands-on experience in diagnosing and treating patients. After completing an MD program, doctors are required to pass a licensing exam in order to practice medicine in their jurisdiction.","D.O. stands for Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine. It is a professional doctoral degree for physicians and surgeons offered by medical schools in the United States. D.O.s are licensed to practice medicine and surgery in all 50 states and are trained to focus on the whole person, rather than just the symptoms of a disease. They use a hands-on approach called osteopathic manipulative medicine (OMM) to diagnose and treat illness, and they also prescribe medications and perform surgery. D.O.s are trained to consider the body's structure and function and how they relate to each other and to the overall health of the patient. They work in a variety of medical settings, including hospitals, clinics, and private practice.<>open_qa