Tax ID for an international student investing in U.S stocks<>You need an ITIN. Follow the instructions on the IRS page to apply. You might be better off getting an on-campus employment authorization and getting an SSN, though, as the ITIN process is not really convenient.<>An international student who is not a resident of the United States for tax purposes will typically need to obtain an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) in order to invest in U.S. stocks. An ITIN is a tax processing number issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to individuals who are required to have a U.S. taxpayer identification number but do not have, and are not eligible to obtain, a Social Security number (SSN). To apply for an ITIN, you will need to complete Form W-7 and submit it to the IRS along with certain supporting documents.You should be aware that investing in U.S. stocks may have tax consequences for you as an international student. Depending on your tax situation, you may be required to report your investment income on your U.S. tax return and pay U.S. tax on any income you earn from your investments. It is important to understand your tax obligations and seek the advice of a tax professional if you have questions.","An international student who is investing in U.S. stocks may need to obtain a tax identification number (TIN) in order to report their earnings and pay any taxes that may be due. There are several types of TINs that an international student may be able to use, including a Social Security number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN).To obtain an SSN, an international student must have a valid visa that allows them to work in the United States. If the student is not eligible for an SSN, they may be able to obtain an ITIN by completing Form W-7 and submitting it, along with the required supporting documentation, to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The student will also need to file a tax return using Form 1040NR or Form 1040NR-EZ if they have income from U.S. sources that is subject to tax.It's important to note that international students may be subject to different tax rules and filing requirements depending on their visa status, the type of income they receive, and other factors. It may be advisable for an international student to consult with a tax professional or the IRS for guidance on their specific tax situation.<>finance