how much of our universe does plasma make up<>In the universe , plasma is the most common state of matter for ordinary matter , most of which is in the rarefied intergalactic plasma (particularly intracluster medium ) and in stars.<>Plasma is a state of matter that occurs when a gas is heated to a high enough temperature that its atoms are ionized, meaning that some or all of its electrons are stripped away from their nuclei. Plasma is the most common form of matter in the universe, making up more than 99% of all visible matter. It is found in a wide variety of astronomical objects, including stars, nebulae, and galaxies, as well as in the solar wind and other types of space plasma.\\n\\nPlasma is often referred to as the fourth state of matter, in addition to solid, liquid, and gas. It is characterized by the presence of free electrons, which makes it highly conductive and able to generate and respond to electromagnetic fields. Plasma can also be created artificially in laboratories, and it has many practical applications, including in fluorescent lights, plasma televisions, and plasma cutting tools.","Plasma is a state of matter in which a substance is partially ionized, meaning that some of its atoms or molecules have gained or lost electrons and become charged particles. Plasma is the most common state of matter in the universe and is thought to make up around 99% of the visible universe. It is found in the atmospheres of stars, including the Sun, and in the gas and dust between stars, as well as in certain types of laboratory conditions on Earth. Plasma is also a key component of many natural and man-made phenomena, such as lightning, auroras, and plasma TVs.","Plasma is a state of matter in which a substance has been heated to a high temperature such that the atoms are ionized, meaning that they have lost or gained electrons and are now charged particles. Plasma is the most common state of matter in the universe, making up more than 99% of the visible matter in the universe. It is found in the sun, stars, and nebulae, as well as in the gas between galaxies and in the atmospheres of many planets, including Earth. Plasma is also found in many technological and industrial applications, such as fluorescent lights, plasma televisions, and welding.<>open_qa