Why is Native American history never taught in schools . I mean their history before Europeans landed . Surely they had conflict , disease , and struggles similar to Europe . Is it just because their culture does n't exist anymore ? Not recorded well enough ? Please explain like I'm five.<>I did get some of the history in my classes , but it was pretty brief . But yes , a lot of it went pretty unrecorded or the recordings were lost , either due to the population crisis before Europeans showed up or due to Europeans showing up , and there was a great deal of effort put into suppressing the native 's culture that ruined a great deal of the oral tradition and everything . There 's certainly enough known to have a ' pre - Europe ' unit in a North American history class though . Iroquois confederacy and all that .<>Native American history is taught in many schools, although the depth and breadth of this teaching can vary. It is true that Native American cultures and histories have not always been well-represented or understood in mainstream education. There are several reasons for this. One reason is that the histories and cultures of Native American peoples have often been overshadowed by the narrative of European colonization and the creation of the United States. This narrative has often focused on the experiences and perspectives of European settlers and downplayed or excluded the perspectives and experiences of Native American peoples. Another reason is that the histories and cultures of Native American peoples have often not been well-documented or preserved. This is due in part to the fact that many Native American cultures were oral cultures, meaning that they passed down their histories and traditions through stories, songs, and other forms of oral tradition rather than through written records. This can make it more difficult to learn about Native American history compared to the histories of other groups that have more extensive written records. Finally, the histories and cultures of Native American peoples have often been impacted by trauma and violence, including forced removal from their lands, assimilation into mainstream culture, and the loss of many traditional ways of life. This has made it more challenging to preserve and pass on Native American histories and traditions. Overall, it is important to recognize and learn about the diverse histories and cultures of Native American peoples, and to work to ensure that these histories are accurately and respectfully represented in mainstream education.<>reddit_eli5