How does Yahoo finance adjust stock data for splits and dividends?<>Yahoo's \"Adj Close\" data is adjusted for splits, but not for dividends. Despite Yahoo's webpage's footnote saying  *Close price adjusted for dividends and splits. we can see empirically that the \"Adj Close\" is only adjusted for splits. For example, consider Siemens from Jan 27, 2017 to Mar 15, 2017: The Adj Close adjusts for splits: On any particular day, the \"Adj Close\" is equal to the \"Close\" price divided by the cumulative product of all splits that occurred after that day. If there have been no splits after that day, then the \"Adj Close\" equals the \"Close\" price. Since there is a 2-for-1 split on Mar 14, 2017, the Adj Close is half the Close price for all dates from Jan 27, 2017 to Mar 13, 2017. Note that if Siemens were to split again at some time in the future, the Adj Close prices will be readjusted for this future split. For example, if Siemens were to split 3-for-1 tomorrow, then all the Adj Close prices seen above will be divided by 3. The Adj Close is thus showing the price that a share would have traded on that day if the shares had already been split in accordance with all splits up to today. The Adj Close does not adjust for dividends: Notice that Siemens distributed a $1.87 dividend on Feb 02, 2017 and ~$3.74 dividend on Jan 30, 2017. If the Adj Close value were adjusted for these dividends then we should expect the Adj Close should no longer be exactly half of the Close amount. But we can see that there is no such adjustment -- the Adj Close remains (up to rounding) exactly half the Close amount: Note that in theory, the market reacts to the distribution of dividends by reducing the trading price of shares post-dividend. This in turn is reflected in the raw closing price. So in that sense the Adj Close is also automatically adjusted for dividends. But there is no formula for this. The effect is already baked in through the market's closing prices.<>When a company declares a stock split, it increases the number of shares outstanding by issuing more shares to existing shareholders. For example, if a company declares a 2-for-1 stock split, an investor who owns 100 shares before the split would own 200 shares after the split. The value of the investor's holdings in the company would remain the same, but the value of each individual share would be halved.To adjust stock data for a stock split, Yahoo Finance divides the historical price of the stock by the split ratio. For example, if a stock traded at $100 per share before a 2-for-1 split, the adjusted price would be $50 per share after the split.Dividends are payments made by a company to its shareholders, typically in the form of cash or additional shares of stock. When a company declares a dividend, it reduces the value of its stock by an amount equal to the dividend per share.To adjust stock data for dividends, Yahoo Finance subtracts the value of the dividend from the historical price of the stock. For example, if a stock traded at $100 per share and the company declared a $1 per share dividend, the adjusted price would be $99 per share.It's important to note that stock splits and dividends can have a significant impact on the historical price data of a stock. Adjusting for these events can make it easier to compare the performance of a stock over time and to analyze trends in the stock market.<>finance