Why are there so many fights in ice hockey ? For someone with no idea about ice hockey , only that we only ever seem to see the fights from it . Explain like I'm five.<>Simply put : it 's about a code of etiquette and sportsman like behavior . In all sports , there 's rules and there are players who skirt those rules and there are times where its almost against the rules . In Ice Hockey , because of its physical nature and the velocity of the players , hits hurt and there are okay places to hit and okay ways to hit another player . If a player skirts the line between okay and against da rules : the ref 's technically ca n't call a penalty . But the other team will police that sort of action because it can lead to career ending injuries . That 's why a lot of the fights start ; a policing action by one team on the other to the statement of \" that 's a dick thing , punch time . \" This is especially true when it comes to each team 's goal tender . They have a blue half circle in front of the goal that 's a ' no touchie ' zone but once they scoot out side of it for a better angle on the play ; fair game to get run over . But that 's a dick thing to do and the victim 's team will punish the player who did it . A second reason why is because it energizes a crowd . There are a few great times when a crowd goes wild ; a break away , a fantastic play combination to a magnificent goal , and a fight . Hockey players , like most athletes , can get a massive boost in confidence when a crowd is cheering and vocally engaged in the game . Boring game ? Attention elsewhere . So a quick and easy way for a hockey match to get re - energized is to have a brawl . This motivation is less often that the other two . A third and final reason is player egos and hotheadedness . You have grown men ( or women ) who know they 're good playing against others who also know they 're good , and it 's a clash of personality and mentality and sometimes they just start swinging .<>Ice hockey is a fast-paced and physical sport, and sometimes players can get into altercations or scuffles with one another. These altercations may result in a fight breaking out between two players, or sometimes more. Fights can happen for a variety of reasons, such as players getting upset with each other for hard hits or fouls, or players trying to stand up for their teammates.\r\n\r\nWhile fights are not a common occurrence in every hockey game, they do happen from time to time. Some people enjoy watching the physical aspect of the sport and the intensity of the fights, while others do not like them and think they are a negative part of the game.\r\n\r\nOverall, fights in hockey are not a major part of the sport and happen relatively infrequently. The majority of the time, players are focused on working together as a team and trying to score goals to win the game.<>reddit_eli5