16 year old is often sick, depressed, hardly eats. Any ideas ?My 16 year old son is often sick, has spent most of the holidays asleep, has few friends and we wonder if has depression. Last Nov he injured his knee playing basketball. This required a total knee reconstruction and a year off sport. He used to play a lot of basketball and rugby. He has hardly been eating also which is why I think he is know down with a cold.<>Hello Welcome to health care magic I can understand your situation. I appreciate your effort to seek online support. As per your details, he is possibly having underlying anxiety\/depression. For this consult a psychiatrist for detailed evaluation. Following treatment strategies would be helpful- 1) Antidepressants\/Antianxiety agents like SSRIs (escitalopram, sertarline, paroxetine etc) 2) Antianxiety agents like clonazepam, lorazepam, alprazolam etc3) Psychotherapy\/ Counselling sessions4) Relaxation techniques like yoga, meditation, deep breathing etc Hope it helps Good luck Regards Dr. Gourav Monga Consultant Psychiatrist<>It is possible that your son is experiencing depression and that his physical symptoms may be related. Depression can cause a lack of energy and appetite, as well as difficulty sleeping. It is also possible that the injury and time off of sports has contributed to his feelings of sadness and loss of motivation. It is important to seek medical attention for your son to determine the cause of his symptoms and to determine the best course of treatment.\n\nI would recommend scheduling an appointment with your son's primary care doctor or a mental health professional. They will be able to assess your son's physical and emotional health and provide recommendations for treatment. It may also be helpful for your son to participate in activities that he enjoys and to try to maintain a healthy lifestyle by eating nutritious meals and getting regular exercise. Encouraging your son to talk about his feelings and concerns can also be beneficial.\n\nIt is important to take care of your son's physical and emotional health. If you are concerned about his well-being, it is important to seek help as soon as possible.<>medicine