Suggest remedy for abscess in tooth followed by lump on jaw lineI have had an abcess on tooth two lots of antibiotics did not work waiting for a dental hospital appointment .waited months heard nothing went to my doctors who sent me to hospital because I now have a lump on my jaw line and he wants a biopsy ,feel it has gone from something very treatable to really worrying<>A dental abscess is an infection . These infection caused due to poor dental health and can result from lack of proper and timely dental care. The cause of these infection is direct growth of bacteria from an existing tooth cavity into the soft tissue .Visit your dentist and follow up the complete treatment. If you cannot reach a dentist, go to your physician for the evaluation, especially if you feel sick. Dentist may decide to open that abscess and allow the pus to drain or try therapy with antibiotics. People with dental abscesses are typically prescribed pain reliever s, at the discretion of dentist , antibiotics to fight infection.<>I'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing an abscess in your tooth and a lump on your jaw line. It is important to seek medical attention for these conditions as soon as possible to ensure timely treatment and to prevent any further complications.\n\nTo treat an abscessed tooth, your dentist will likely need to drain the infection and may prescribe antibiotics to help clear the infection. In some cases, the infected tooth may need to be extracted. If you are experiencing pain, your dentist may also prescribe pain medication to help manage your symptoms.\n\nIf you have a lump on your jaw line, it is important to have it evaluated by a healthcare provider to determine the cause. A biopsy may be necessary to determine the nature of the lump and to plan the appropriate treatment. If the lump is determined to be cancerous, further treatment such as surgery or chemotherapy may be necessary.\n\nIt is important to follow the recommendations of your healthcare provider and to attend all follow-up appointments to ensure the best possible outcome. If you are concerned about the length of time you have been waiting for a dental hospital appointment, you may want to speak to your healthcare provider or the hospital about your concerns.<>medicine