who is Dr. JB Danquah<>Nana Joseph Kwame Kyeretwie Boakye Danquah (December 1895 – 4 February 1965) was a Ghanaian statesman , pan-Africanist , scholar and historian .<>Dr. J. B. Danquah was a Ghanaian politician and one of the founding members of the United Gold Coast Convention (UGCC), which was a political party in Ghana that played a significant role in the country's fight for independence from British rule. He was also a member of the Big Six, a group of six prominent Ghanaian independence activists who were instrumental in the country's struggle for independence. Danquah was born in 1894 and died in 1965. He was a prolific writer and scholar, and is remembered as one of the leading figures in Ghana's struggle for independence.","Dr. J.B. Danquah was a Ghanaian lawyer, politician, and independence leader who played a significant role in the country's struggle for independence from British rule. He was one of the founders of the United Gold Coast Convention (UGCC), a political party that was formed in the late 1940s to advocate for independence. Danquah was a member of the \"Big Six,\" a group of independence leaders who were arrested and imprisoned in 1948 for their involvement in the UGCC's activities. After his release, he continued to be involved in political and independence efforts, serving as a member of the country's first parliament and later as the Deputy Leader of Government Business in Parliament. Danquah died in 1965.","Dr. Joseph Boakye Danquah was a Ghanaian politician and one of the founding members of the United Gold Coast Convention (UGCC), a political party that played a significant role in the struggle for independence in Ghana. He was born in 1909 in the town of Bekwai in the Ashanti Region of Ghana and received his education at Achimota College and the University of London. Danquah was a prominent figure in the political scene in Ghana and was instrumental in the negotiations that led to Ghana's independence from British colonial rule in 1957. He served as a member of parliament and as a minister in various capacities, including as Minister of Justice and Attorney General. Danquah passed away in 1965.<>open_qa