What causes night sweats, loss of energy and weight loss?I am a diabetic and I had a knee replacement Aug 12. I am normally on medication. I have been taking a 325 aspirin twice a day. My blood pressure yesterday was 127\/79 pulse 81 then 106\/62 pulse 86 in the evening. Today a.m. 121\/74 and p.m.114\/70 pulse 84 a.m. And 77 p.m. I have had weight loss and low energy. Sweats at night for the past 2 nights. Should i be going to the Dr.?<>Hi there. I think it's a very high dose of Aspirin you are currently taking and i dint find any information as to why you are such a high dose . Also yours symptoms can be explained by overactive Thyroid gland and i suggest you start from there although your blood pressure and pulse seem to be normal. First get a blood thyroid hormone levels checked. That includes Free T3 T4 and TSH.  If it is abnormal you need to take therapy for that.Also you need to speak to your Physician as to cutting down Aspirin dosage and if you need it at all as you run a high risk of Stomach ulcer with that.Hope this helps.<>There are many potential causes for night sweats, loss of energy, and weight loss. It is always a good idea to consult with a healthcare provider if you are experiencing these symptoms, as they may be indicative of an underlying health issue that needs to be addressed.\n\nIn your case, as a diabetic, it is important to carefully monitor your blood sugar levels and take your medications as prescribed. It is also possible that the knee replacement surgery and the use of aspirin could be contributing to your symptoms. Additionally, fluctuations in blood pressure can also cause symptoms such as night sweats and fatigue.\n\nIt is important to speak with your healthcare provider about your symptoms and any medications you are taking. They will be able to assess your overall health and recommend any necessary treatment or lifestyle changes. If you are experiencing severe or persistent symptoms, it is important to seek medical attention as soon as possible.<>medicine