What causes an increase in AST\/ALT levels?Hi, may I answer your health queries? Please type your query here... I recently had a liver panel drawn.  Everything was within normal range except AST\/ALT.  My AST was121, and my ALT was 92.  I have been taking sertraline for about 10 years.  I don't know if that could have any effect on these levels.  I also have hemochromatosis that is being treated with phlebotomies.  Thank you, Sherry Sparrow<>Hello! Thanks for putting your query in HCM. I am a Gastroenterologist. Sertraline do not cause any effect on liver. Hemochromatosis may cause elevation.Increase in AST and ALT  has many other cause like Hepatitis B, C, Metabolic disorders, NAFLD, alcohol intake etc. So I will suggest you to visit a Hepatologist for evaluation who will advise tests and then manage accordingly. Meanwhile there are few medicines which I found very useful in my patients are ursodeoxycholic acid and vitamin E. Do regular exercise and reduce your weight if you are overweight, avoid alcohol if you drink.I hope I have answered your query and this will help you . Wish you a good health<>AST (aspartate transaminase) and ALT (alanine transaminase) are enzymes that are present in liver cells. When liver cells are damaged or inflamed, these enzymes are released into the bloodstream, causing AST and ALT levels to increase. There are many potential causes of elevated AST and ALT levels, including:\n\nViral hepatitis: Hepatitis A, B, and C are viral infections that can cause inflammation and damage to the liver, leading to elevated AST and ALT levels.\n\nAlcohol abuse: Excessive alcohol consumption can damage the liver, causing an increase in AST and ALT levels.\n\nMedications: Some medications, such as acetaminophen, can cause liver damage and increase AST and ALT levels.\n\nFatty liver disease: This condition occurs when there is an accumulation of fat in the liver, leading to inflammation and an increase in AST and ALT levels.\n\nHemochromatosis: This is a genetic disorder that causes excess iron to build up in the body, including the liver. Hemochromatosis can cause liver damage and increase AST and ALT levels.\n\nIt's possible that the sertraline you have been taking for 10 years could be contributing to your elevated AST and ALT levels. It's important to discuss this with your healthcare provider to determine the cause of your elevated liver enzymes and to determine the appropriate treatment.<>medicine