Home Renovations are expensive.. Should I only pay cash for them?<>I know that both Lowes and Home Depot (in Canada at least) will offer a 6 month deferred interest payment on all purchases over a certain dollar amount (IIRC, $500+), and sometimes run product specific 1 year deferred interest specials. This is a very effective way of financing renovations. Details: You've probably seen deferred interest -- It's very commonly used in furniture sales (No money down!!! No interest!!! Do not pay for 1 full year!!!)  (Personally, I think it's a plot by the exclamation point manufacturers) It works like this: Typically, I manage these types of purchases by dividing the principal by 6, and then adding 5%, and paying that amount each month.  Pay close attention to the end date, because you do not want to pay 22% interest on the entire amount.   This also requires that you watch your card balance carefully.  All payments are usually put to current purchases (i.e. those not under a plan) first, before they are applied to the plan balance.  So if you are paying 250 a month on the new floor, and run up another $150 on paint, You need to pay the entire new balance, and then the $250 floor payment in order for it to be applied correctly.  Also <shameless plug> http:\/\/diy.stackexchange.com <\/shameless plug>  Consider doing it yourself.<>Paying cash for home renovations can be a good option if you have the money available and you want to avoid borrowing or paying interest. However, it's important to carefully consider your financial situation before deciding how to pay for home renovations. Here are a few things to consider:Can you afford to pay cash? Make sure you have enough money saved or available to cover the cost of the renovations without putting yourself in a difficult financial position.Are there other options for financing the renovations? If you don't have the cash available, you may be able to finance the renovations through a home equity loan, a personal loan, or a credit card with a low interest rate.Do you have an emergency fund? It's important to have a financial cushion in case of unexpected expenses or emergencies. If you don't have an emergency fund, you may want to consider saving up for one before paying for home renovations with cash.Ultimately, the best option for paying for home renovations will depend on your individual financial situation. It's a good idea to consult with a financial advisor or professional before making a decision.<>finance