How internet speeds work . Why are some faster than others ? Like why the shit is my internet so slow ? and how would i get a faster internet connection ? I should know these things .. Explain like I'm five.<>There are a lot of hops between your computer and the server that you 're trying to get data from . If all of those links are fast and not full then your data will get to you quickly . However , if any of those hops is slow or full of other requests , your internet will feel slow . It could be the hop nearest to the server and so everyone trying to access that server will get slow speeds . It could be the hop between your home and your ISP . In that case , you need to upgrade to a faster speed or move ISPs . It 's also possible that somewhere in the middle something is slow and the particular path that your ISP is sending your data through is really long or slow . In that case a different ISP might route your data down a different , faster path .<>Sure! Let's start with how the internet works. When you use the internet, you're sending and receiving information with other computers through a network. Think of it like a giant group of people trying to have a conversation all at the same time. Some people might be able to talk faster and some might be able to listen faster, and that's how the internet works too.\n\nNow let's talk about internet speeds. Internet speed is measured in megabits per second (Mbps). The higher the number of megabits, the faster your internet connection is. So if you have a fast internet connection, it means that you can send and receive information quickly.\n\nThere are a few reasons why some internet connections are faster than others. One reason is the type of internet connection you have. Some types of internet connections, like fiber-optic or cable, are usually faster than others, like DSL or satellite.\n\nAnother reason is the distance between your computer and the internet service provider (ISP). The farther away you are, the slower your connection might be. This is because the information has to travel a longer distance to get to you.\n\nIf you want to get a faster internet connection, there are a few things you can try. One option is to upgrade to a faster internet plan from your ISP. You can also try using a wired connection instead of a wireless connection, which can be faster. Finally, you can try improving the signal strength by moving your router to a more central location in your home or adding range extenders to boost the signal.<>reddit_eli5