What causes lump between vagina and crease of leg?I have a lump thaat has suddenly appeared between my vagina and the crease of my leg. I felt tremendous pressure last evenin befor I went to bed and this morning found the lump. It is as big as quarter, deep under the skin, I almost thought of a hernia. The only thing different in my life is tha I had shoulder surgery 7 days ago. Any Ideas?<>Hi, dearI have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have inguinal hernia or enlarged inguinal lymphnode.  You should go for examination. If needed go for ultrasound study.  If it is lymphnode or soft tissue tumor then you should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump.  If it is hernia then go for surgery.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using health care magic. Wish you a very good health.<>There are several possible causes of a lump between the vagina and the crease of the leg. It is difficult to determine the exact cause without more information and a physical examination. Here are some possible causes:\n\nHernia: A hernia occurs when an organ or tissue protrudes through a weak point in the muscles of the abdominal wall. A hernia can cause a lump in the groin area, including between the vagina and the crease of the leg.\n\nAbscess: An abscess is a collection of pus that can form in the tissue under the skin. An abscess can be caused by an infection or an injury, and it can cause a painful lump.\n\nCyst: A cyst is a sac-like structure that can contain fluid, pus, or other material. Cysts can occur in various parts of the body, including the groin area.\n\nLipoma: A lipoma is a benign (non-cancerous) growth of fatty tissue. Lipomas can occur anywhere on the body, including in the groin area.\n\nIt is important to have this lump evaluated by a healthcare provider to determine the cause and appropriate treatment. Your healthcare provider will need to perform a physical examination and possibly order additional tests, such as imaging studies or a biopsy, to diagnose the cause of the lump.<>medicine