Why do banks insist on allowing transactions without sufficient funds?<>This really should be a comment, but I can't yet. The question desperately needs a location tag. In at least some countries(New Zealand), the default action on all insufficient funds transactions is to refuse the transaction. Credit cards are the only common exception. Every bank operating in NZ that I know of acts this way. Sometimes there is a fee for bouncing a transaction, sometimes not, that depends on the bank. Any other option must be explicitly arranged in writing with the bank. Personally, coming from a country where declining transactions is the default, I'd be shocked and angry to be stuck with an automatic transfer from another account. Angry enough to change banks if they won't immediately cease and desist.<>Banks generally do not intentionally allow transactions without sufficient funds. When a customer attempts to make a transaction that would result in a negative balance or overdraft, the bank may decline the transaction or charge the customer an overdraft fee.However, there may be situations in which a bank allows a transaction to go through even if it results in a negative balance. This can happen for a variety of reasons, such as technical errors, processing delays, or misunderstandings about account balances.In some cases, banks may offer overdraft protection services, which allow customers to opt in to have certain transactions approved even if it results in a negative balance. This can be helpful for customers who need to make unexpected or emergency payments and do not have sufficient funds in their account at the time. However, these services typically come with fees and should be used cautiously.It is important for customers to be aware of their account balances and to manage their finances carefully to avoid overdrafts and associated fees.","Banks generally do not intentionally allow transactions without sufficient funds. Rather, they may have policies in place that allow certain types of transactions to be processed even if they result in an overdraft of the account. This can be done as a courtesy to the account holder, with the understanding that the account will be brought back into good standing by depositing additional funds or by paying off the overdraft.There may be fees associated with overdrafts, and the account holder is responsible for paying those fees as well as bringing the account back into good standing. It is important for account holders to understand their bank's policies regarding overdrafts and to manage their accounts responsibly to avoid incurring fees or other negative consequences.<>finance