what is a D.O. stand for medical doctor<>Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O. or DO) is a professional doctoral degree for physicians offered by medical schools in the United States .<>D.O. stands for Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine. It is a type of medical degree that is granted by colleges of osteopathic medicine. Osteopathic physicians, or osteopaths, are fully licensed to practice medicine and perform surgery in the United States. They are trained to focus on the whole person, rather than just the symptoms of a disease, and to consider the interrelationships between the body's nerves, muscles, bones, and organs. Osteopathic physicians use a variety of techniques to diagnose and treat patients, including traditional medical techniques as well as manual techniques such as osteopathic manipulative treatment (OMT), which involves using the hands to diagnose and treat illness.","D.O. stands for Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine. Osteopathic medicine is a form of medical practice that emphasizes the importance of the musculoskeletal system in health and disease. Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine, or DOs, are fully licensed physicians who practice in all areas of medicine. They are trained to focus on prevention, wellness, and the whole person, rather than just treating specific symptoms. DOs are licensed to prescribe medications and perform surgery, and they have the same scope of practice as medical doctors (MDs). In the United States, DOs are accredited by the American Osteopathic Association and are recognized by the federal government as fully licensed physicians.","D.O. stands for Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine. Osteopathic medicine is a type of medical practice that emphasizes the role of the musculoskeletal system in health and disease. Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine, or DOs, are fully licensed physicians who have completed medical school and are trained to diagnose and treat medical conditions in the same way as MDs (Doctors of Medicine). They also receive additional training in osteopathic manipulative therapy, which involves using the hands to diagnose and treat illness, as well as to promote overall health and wellness. DOs are licensed to practice in all 50 states in the US and are recognized by the World Health Organization.<>open_qa