What is the best web browser ? I 've heard people talk a lot of shit about IE ( which I do n't really understand ) , so I 'm not sure what the difference is between all of them and what makes a \" good \" one . Explain like I'm five.<>Historically , people did n't like IE for a number of reasons . I will try to remain unbiased . 1 . IE gained a 90%+ market share in the 1990s because it was packaged with Windows . Because Microsoft did n't have any competition , there was n't much reason for them to improve IE and development stagnated . IE got a reputation as a clunky , slow web browser . 1 . Since IE was the most popular web browser , a lot of people tried to figure out how to exploit bugs and hack it so that they could steal credit cards and personal information , or to plant viruses to do the same . Many of these people succeeded . IE got a reputation as being full of security holes as a result . 1 . IE used to use something called ActiveX that Microsoft did n't let other browsers use . Because IE used to be to be the most popular web browser , a lot of web developers made ActiveX pages and applications . This meant that you could n't change from IE to a better browser because your ActiveX webpages would n't work . 1 . Until recently , IE has been slow in adopting new features . Other browsers had features like extensions and HTML5 support much before IE . Since IE is used by a lot of businesses , this gives it a reputation of \" holding the web back \" since people do n't want to make webpages that do n't work for a lot of people . 1 . Some people do n't like the user interface . It 's nowhere near as slick looking as Chrome or Firefox . 1 . IE users are characterized as people who do n't know a lot about computers , so using IE gives you a bad reputation in fields related to computers . The Internet has a lot of computer professionals on it .<>A web browser is a piece of software that you use to access the internet. There are many different web browsers available, and they all have their own strengths and weaknesses.\n\nOne of the most popular web browsers is Google Chrome. It is fast, user-friendly, and has a lot of useful features, such as the ability to synchronize your bookmarks and history across multiple devices.\n\nAnother popular web browser is Mozilla Firefox. It is also fast and has a lot of useful features, including a large selection of add-ons (extra tools and features that you can add to the browser).\n\nInternet Explorer is a web browser that was made by Microsoft. It is not as popular as it used to be because it is not as fast or user-friendly as some of the other browsers.\n\nIn general, a \"good\" web browser is one that is fast, easy to use, and has a lot of useful features. It's also important that the browser is updated regularly to fix any security vulnerabilities and improve its performance.<>reddit_eli5