why did the fur on our bodies dissapear if some humans moved to colder climates ? Did it have something to do with our temperature control system when we were running in our hunter gatherer past ? Explain like I'm five.<>Humans originated in the hot savannah of Africa . The leading theory on how people back then hunted was running down animals for many miles . This was reliant on tiring the animal out from constantly running to where the human could get close and kill it . Because of the heat generated by running in the 100 + degree savanah , humans evolved to dump heat as efficiently as possible . This meant that we lost a lot of fur ( except for some around the head and other places to shield from UV exposure ) [ Here 's a video of modern African tribesman hunting using the techniques described above . ] ( URL_0 ) Fast forward couple hundred thousand years and people moved north . By this time people were intelligent and instead of waiting for evolution to take place which would have happened over thousands of years . The people realized they can take the fur of other animals and use it for themselves . This caused body heat preserving fur to no longer be an evolutionary variable . In essence , someone who was furrier than another would n't necessarily be more suited to survive and pass on their genes than someone who was hairless because both a furry person and a non furry person would both survive because of fur coats .<>Great question! The fur on our bodies, or hair, serves a number of important functions, including protecting our skin from the sun's harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays and helping to regulate our body temperature. In colder climates, having a thick layer of fur can help keep us warm by trapping heat close to the skin. However, as humans evolved and developed more advanced ways of keeping warm, such as clothing and shelter, the need for thick fur became less important.\r\n\r\nAdditionally, as humans began to engage in activities such as running and hunting, having less fur may have helped us stay cooler by allowing heat to be more easily released from the body. This is because sweating is an important way for the body to regulate its temperature, and sweat can evaporate more easily from bare skin than from fur.\r\n\r\nOverall, the loss of fur in humans is thought to be the result of a combination of factors, including the development of clothing and shelter, changes in activity levels, and the need to regulate body temperature more effectively.<>reddit_eli5