Are there any disadvantages of Progress Draw Mortgage?<>Presumably, the inverse of the advantages? You are guaranteed the interest rate that is written on your mortgage commitment as long as the first draw happens before the rate hold expiry date (typically 120 days from application date). In most cases, it takes at least 6 months or more to build a home from the ground up. That means that you are taking a chance at what the interest rates and qualifying criteria will be several months down the road. You can normally only lock in 120 days prior to possession with a 'Completion Mortgage'. Lenders are constantly changing their guidelines and rates are predicted to increase over the coming months. That means you are much better to obtain draw mortgage financing to avoid any of these uncertainties. You will know that you have your financing in place right away before construction even starts. This is a huge peace of mind so you can relax and get ready for the big move. So thus, if interest rates are lower 6 months or a year from now, that'd be the disadvantage -- a longer lock-in period.<>Yes, there are some disadvantages to using a progress draw mortgage. These can include:Higher interest rates: Progress draw mortgages often come with higher interest rates than traditional mortgages, which can make them more expensive in the long run.Potential delays: Depending on the construction timeline, there may be delays in the release of funds, which could cause issues with the construction process.Limited options: Progress draw mortgages are not offered by all lenders, so you may have limited options when it comes to finding a lender who offers this type of mortgage.Complexity: Progress draw mortgages can be more complex than traditional mortgages, as they involve multiple stages of funding and require more documentation and communication with the lender.Higher risk: Because progress draw mortgages are often used to finance the construction of a new home or renovation project, there is a higher level of risk involved for the lender. This can result in higher interest rates and stricter lending criteria.Overall, it's important to carefully consider the pros and cons of a progress draw mortgage and to work with a lender that you trust to ensure that the process goes smoothly.<>finance