What does \"AFB negative but PCR for M.tuberculosis positive\" mean?hi i m 27 yrs old female and recently diagnosed with AFB negative but PCR for M.tuberculosis positive....what does it mean....should i go for second opinion or ask the doctor to start my treatment.....and please let me know am i able to conceive or notthanks<>Hello ,I understand your concern. I am Dr. Arun Tank, infectious disease specialist, answering your concern.You are positive for tuberculosis.PCR is the gold standard test for the diagnosis of tuberculosis. If you are positive for it than you are surely positive.There is no need for second opinion. In my opinion you are positive for tuberculosis, please visit nearby doctor and start the AKT (Anti koch's treatment) or ATT (Antituberculosis treatment).Glad to answer your further concern contact me on bit.ly\/DrArunWe wish you a best health at healthcare magic. Thank you,Dr. Arun Tank<>AFB stands for acid-fast bacilli, which are a type of bacterium that includes Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the bacterium that causes tuberculosis (TB). The AFB test is a laboratory test that is used to detect the presence of AFB in a sample of bodily fluids or tissue. A positive result means that AFB were detected in the sample, while a negative result means that no AFB were detected.\n\nPCR stands for polymerase chain reaction, which is a laboratory technique that is used to amplify small amounts of DNA. It can be used to detect the presence of M. tuberculosis in a sample, even when other methods, such as the AFB test, are negative. A positive PCR result for M. tuberculosis means that the bacterium was detected in the sample.\n\nIf you have been diagnosed with AFB negative but PCR for M.tuberculosis positive, it means that the AFB test did not detect the presence of AFB in your sample, but the PCR test did detect the presence of M. tuberculosis DNA. This suggests that you may have a TB infection. It is important to follow the treatment recommendations of your healthcare provider in order to properly treat the infection and prevent it from spreading to others.\n\nIt is also important to note that TB can be a serious illness, and it is important to receive proper treatment in order to fully recover. If you have any concerns about your diagnosis or treatment, it is always a good idea to discuss them with your healthcare provider.\n\nAs for your ability to conceive, it is not uncommon for people with TB to have fertility problems, but this can depend on a variety of factors, including the severity of the infection and the type of treatment that is needed. It is important to discuss any concerns you have about fertility with your healthcare provider. They will be able to provide you with more specific information and guidance based on your individual situation.<>medicine