Is deanxit causing bad sweating and flashes?Hi my mom has been taking deanxit for 7 years now. It was mostly.for her tension headaches and body aches. We were recently told that it is banned in several countries and India is also banning it. Also my mom has very bad sweating and flashes ( she s seventy) could this be caused by deanxit?<>Hi,Sweating and flashes could be due to some other cause. Prescribed in the treatment of anxiety and depression, the most common side effects of Deanxit includes drowsiness, dry mouth, constipation, vomiting, dyspepsia,  abnormal movements, decreased white blood cells count, increased heart beats, and low blood pressure. It is unlikely to cause sweating or flashes. Sweating and flashes could be due post menopause or hyperthyroidism. She needs to be clinically evaluated by her doctor to find out the cause and treat it accordingly.Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Regards,Dr. Mohammed Taher Ali, General & Family Physician<>Deanxit is a combination medication that contains the active ingredients flupentixol and melitracen. It is used to treat depression and anxiety.\n\nIt is not uncommon for people taking antidepressants to experience sweating as a side effect. In some cases, this can be a severe or uncomfortable side effect. However, it is important to note that sweating can also be a symptom of other conditions or a side effect of other medications, and it is not necessarily caused by Deanxit specifically.\n\nIf your mother is experiencing sweating and flashes and you are concerned about the possible connection to Deanxit, it is important to speak with a healthcare professional. They can help you determine the cause of these symptoms and advise you on the best course of action. It is also important to note that Deanxit has been banned in several countries, including India, due to concerns about its safety and effectiveness. If your mother is taking Deanxit and you are concerned about its potential side effects, you should discuss this with a healthcare professional to determine if it is the best treatment option for her.<>medicine