What is the prognosis after removing metal pins from a fractured forearm bone?Hi my son broke both bones in his forearm he had pins put in both bones.he is having them out very soon Dr says bone has grown over one end of pin as he s only 10 how will he be after he them removed and will he be back in cast and how long will recovery be<>Dear patient In children growth of the bones is fast and  bone growth may also cover the end of pins that are usually left out and hence removal might be difficult. If fracture is united pins can be removed usually after 6 to 8 months of surgery. But as you said bone growth has occurred over the pins removal will be difficult and there is possibility of refracture while pin removal. But with current advanced techniques and availability of iitv chances of complications are rare. you may expect bigger surgery incisions. If removal is successful without complications protection in slab is not needed. you need to discuss in detail with your doctor for all this and then decide according.<>!\nToo many requests in 1 hour. Try again later.\n\n\n\nThere was an error generating a response","It is generally expected that the prognosis after removing metal pins from a fractured forearm bone will be good, especially if the bones were properly aligned and immobilized during the healing process. The bones should have had time to heal and the metal pins should no longer be needed to provide support.\n\nOnce the metal pins are removed, your son may need to wear a splint or a cast for a short period of time to protect the bones and allow them to fully heal. This will depend on the specific circumstances of the fracture and the recommendations of the treating physician.\n\nThe length of the recovery process will also depend on the severity of the fracture and the type of treatment that was required. In general, it is typical for the bones to fully heal within a few months after the pins are removed. However, it may take longer for the muscles and tissues in the forearm to regain strength and range of motion. Physical therapy may be recommended to help with this process.\n\nIt is important to follow the instructions of the treating physician and to take any prescribed medications as directed. It is also important to engage in any recommended physical therapy exercises to help with the recovery process.<>medicine