Please explain what is \"Open access\"<>Open access (OA) is a set of principles and a range of practices through which research outputs are distributed online, free of access charges or other barriers. With open access strictly defined (according to the 2001 definition), or libre open access, barriers to copying or reuse are also reduced or removed by applying an open license for copyright.\nThe main focus of the open access movement is \"peer reviewed research literature\". Historically, this has centered mainly on print-based academic journals. Whereas non-open access journals cover publishing costs through access tolls such as subscriptions, site licenses or pay-per-view charges, open-access journals are characterised by funding models which do not require the reader to pay to read the journal's contents, relying instead on author fees or on public funding, subsidies and sponsorships. Open access can be applied to all forms of published research output, including peer-reviewed and non peer-reviewed academic journal articles, conference papers, theses, book chapters, monographs, research reports and images.\nSince the revenue of most open access journals is earned from publication fees charged to the authors, OA publishers are motivated to increase their profits by accepting low-quality papers and by not performing thorough peer review. On the other hand, the prices for OA publications in the most prestigious journals have exceeded 5,000 US$, making such publishing model unaffordable to a large number of researchers. This increase in publishing cost has been called the \"Open-Access Sequel to [the] Serials Crisis\".<>Open access refers to the practice of making scholarly research and other academic work freely available online, without requiring a subscription or other fee to access the content. The goal of open access is to make knowledge and information more widely available and to facilitate the sharing of ideas and research results.\n\n\n\nThere are several different models for open access, but one of the most common is the use of open access repositories, which are online platforms that host and make available academic articles, conference proceedings, and other research outputs. Many universities, research institutes, and other organizations have their own open access repositories, and there are also a number of central repositories that make research from a variety of sources available.\n\n\n\nOpen access has become an increasingly important issue in the academic community, as it allows for greater dissemination of research and can help to reduce the barriers to accessing knowledge. It has also been embraced by a number of funders and policy makers as a way to increase the impact and reach of research. However, there are also some challenges associated with open access, including issues related to copyright and the sustainability of open access publishing models.<>wiki_csai