Please explain what is \"Chemical synapse\"<>Chemical synapses are biological junctions through which neurons' signals can be sent to each other and to non-neuronal cells such as those in muscles or glands. Chemical synapses allow neurons to form circuits within the central nervous system. They are crucial to the biological computations that underlie perception and thought. They allow the nervous system to connect to and control other systems of the body.\nAt a chemical synapse, one neuron releases neurotransmitter molecules into a small space (the synaptic cleft) that is adjacent to another neuron. The neurotransmitters are contained within small sacs called synaptic vesicles, and are released into the synaptic cleft by exocytosis. These molecules then bind to neurotransmitter receptors on the postsynaptic cell. Finally, the neurotransmitters are cleared from the synapse through one of several potential mechanisms including enzymatic degradation or re-uptake by specific transporters either on the presynaptic cell or on some other neuroglia to terminate the action of the neurotransmitter.\nThe adult human brain is estimated to contain from 1014 to 5 × 1014 (100–500 trillion) synapses. Every cubic millimeter of cerebral cortex contains roughly a billion (short scale, i.e. 109) of them. The number of synapses in the  human cerebral cortex has separately been estimated at 0.15 quadrillion (150 trillion)\nThe word \"synapse\" was introduced by Sir Charles Scott Sherrington in 1897. Chemical synapses are not the only type of biological synapse: electrical and immunological synapses also exist. Without a qualifier, however, \"synapse\" commonly refers to chemical synapse.<>A chemical synapse is a type of junction between two neurons or between a neuron and a muscle cell, through which electrical signals are transmitted chemically. It is a specialized intercellular connection that allows one neuron to communicate with another or with a muscle cell.\n\n\n\nThe process of signal transmission at a chemical synapse begins when an action potential, or nerve impulse, reaches the presynaptic terminal of the sending neuron. This causes the release of neurotransmitter molecules into the synapse, or the small gap between the presynaptic and postsynaptic cells. The neurotransmitter molecules bind to receptors on the postsynaptic cell, initiating a response in the form of an electrical signal or a change in the cell's biochemical activity.\n\n\n\nChemical synapses are essential for the proper functioning of the nervous system, as they allow for the rapid and precise transmission of signals between neurons and other cells. They are also important for the plasticity of the nervous system, as the strength of the signal transmitted across a chemical synapse can be modified by experience or learning.<>wiki_csai