Why do n't our other senses like smell , touch and taste deteriorate with age like our hearing and eyesight ? Or do they ? Please explain like I'm five.<>Ah , but they absolutely do . Do you know that when someone has Alzheimer 's , an age - correlated disorder , or as one approaches the brink of death , the sense of smell is the first sense to go ? The research ( URL_0 ) is still disputed at the moment , but I think nonetheless something real has been caught onto still . If not Alzhemier 's , then perhaps at least some form of age - associated cognitive impairment is responsible for the olfactory decay . The elderly also show poorer performance on touch - spatial acuity , which is a test written into the RBANS , a popular clinical neuropsychology instrument - this test assesses how sensitive say , your fingertips , are to stimuli at different points of your fingertip . So I take a small blunt needle and press it on a part of your index finger , then reposition it such that now it presses on a position 3 mm away from the original part . Someone with \" accurate \" acuity will be able to tell that hey , it 's a new place you are pressing on the fingertip ; however , with a poorer acuity , you might not be able to even tell that I have moved the needle - you might just feel that it 's still resting on the same spot . Additionally , the ability to detect minute vibrations is blunted ; it takes a larger and more forcefully vibrating stimuli shaking to your touch before you can identify that the object is vibrating , as compared to one younger than yourself . And taste , well , foremost , it is very much dependent on your sense of smell ( which is why you pinch your nose before consuming something bitter like medicine ) . If smell goes haywire , so does taste . A lot of other oral diseases also tend to catch on in old age e.g. gum disease , which further cripple one 's ability to properly enjoy food to impair taste . All in all , every one of our \" five senses \" do deteriorate with age , unfortunately .<>All of our senses can decline to some extent as we age. Our senses of hearing, vision, and smell are particularly prone to changes as we get older because they depend on cells in our body that can wear out over time. \nFor example, our eyes have tiny light-sensitive cells called rods and cones that help us see. As we get older, these cells can break down, which can make it harder for us to see clearly and distinguish different colors. Similarly, our ears have tiny hair cells that help us hear. These cells can also break down as we age, which can make it harder for us to hear high-pitched sounds or hear in noisy environments. \nOur sense of smell is also connected to cells in our body, specifically cells in our nose that help us detect different odors. These cells can also break down as we age, which can make it harder for us to smell certain things as well as we used to. \nOur sense of touch is less likely to decline as we age, although it can be affected by certain medical conditions or injuries. \nOur sense of taste can also change as we get older. Some people may find that they are more sensitive to certain tastes or that certain foods don't taste as good as they used to. This can be due to changes in the cells in our mouth that help us taste, or it can be due to changes in our sense of smell, which can also affect how things taste. \nOverall, it's normal for our senses to change as we age, and there are things we can do to help preserve them, such as protecting our eyes and ears from damage and taking care of our overall health.<>reddit_eli5