Freemasonry ? Could reddit please explain me what the freemasonry consists of and why are they so \" influent \" ? Explain like I'm five.<>Freemasonry is a world - wide brotherhood that stems from actual stonemasons ' fraternities in the medieval times . It is now basically a big fraternity with lots of traditions and rules ( in their speech , their outfits , their different \" grades \" ) whose members are mostly influential people in various spheres ( cultural , political , industrial , etc . ) Their goals are pretty much an ideal of unity , morality and brotherhood that supposedly goes beyond political views , nationalities or any kind of separation between men . The reason it 's full of influential people is because someone can only become a freemason if they 're being intronized by someone who 's already a member ( so there 's no \" application sheet \" ) . And if we assume that higher - ups only minge with other higher - ups , in the end most freemasons belong to that category . However , freemasons are not particularly influential * as freemasons * : they are influential people who happen to be freemasons . Although it could be argued that these people might meet and take decisions during lodge meetings , it does n't confer freemasonry in itself any actual power .<>Freemasonry is a social organization that traces its origins to the local fraternities of stonemasons in the Middle Ages. Its members are known as Freemasons. Freemasonry is based on the idea of brotherhood and helping each other, and it teaches moral lessons using stories and symbols from stonemasonry and other sources. Freemasonry is not a religion, but it does have some similarities to religion in that it has a set of moral values and holds ceremonies.\r\n\r\nFreemasonry is sometimes thought of as \"influent\" because it has a long history and has had many famous and influential members, including kings, presidents, and business leaders. However, Freemasonry is not a secret society and its members are not necessarily more influential than others. Many people join Freemasonry to make friends, learn new things, and give back to their community through charitable work.<>reddit_eli5