Tourettes Syndrome . What is going on in the brain ? What do you think before you tick ? Why is swearing a manifestation ? Thankyou very much ! Please explain like I'm five.<>I have mild Tourettes , although it has almost entirely gone away as I got older . My ticks are entirely physical , and are all related to stretching some part of my body ( including weird parts , like my rolling my eyes back to stretch the muscles that limit their movement ) . I never had anything remotely similar to a verbal tick . For me at least , a \" tick \" is essentially like an itch . Its an irresistible physical urge you can feel in the part of your body affected . It builds slowly , until the desire to relieve the urge is utterly consuming . I remember trying to fight it as a child , hoping if I was strong enough I could \" will \" it away . Eventually , you always give in . What this means though , is you can exercise a limited degree of self - control to minimize social awkwardness . For example , if I need to roll my eyes , I try to make sure my eyes are * closed * first . I rarely get the urge to tick anymore . It first manifested in elementary school - I was told that taking Ritalin for ADHD triggered it . Over the years , the urges became less and less powerful . By high school , it only happened if I was extremely nervous , or happened to think about ticking . Thanks to this post , I am ticking like crazy at the moment . But it will pass , and it is worth it to educate people on a misunderstood issue .<>Tourette's syndrome is a condition that causes a person to have involuntary movements and sounds called \"tics.\" These tics can be things like eye blinks, facial grimaces, or vocalizations like grunting or throat clearing. Sometimes people with Tourette's also use words or phrases that are inappropriate or offensive, which is called coprolalia. The exact cause of Tourette's is not known, but it is thought to be related to problems with certain chemicals in the brain called neurotransmitters. It is also thought to have a genetic component, meaning it can be passed down from parents to their children. People with Tourette's do not intentionally make these tics and do not mean to say inappropriate things. It is not clear what goes on in the brain before a tic occurs, but it is thought to be related to a sudden, strong urge or sensation that is then relieved by the tic. Swearing or using inappropriate language is just one type of tic that can occur in Tourette's syndrome. It is not known why this particular type of tic happens, but it is not the person's fault and they do not mean to be rude or offensive.<>reddit_eli5