Please explain what is \"Moore's Law\"<>Moore's law is the observation that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit (IC) doubles about every two years. Moore's law is an observation and projection of a historical trend. Rather than a law of physics, it is an empirical relationship linked to gains from experience in production.\nThe observation is named after Gordon Moore, the co-founder of Fairchild Semiconductor and Intel (and former CEO of the latter), who in 1965 posited a doubling every year in the number of components per integrated circuit,[a] and projected this rate of growth would continue for at least another decade. In 1975, looking forward to the next decade, he revised the forecast to doubling every two years, a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 41%. While Moore did not use empirical evidence in forecasting that the historical trend would continue, his prediction held since 1975 and has since become known as a \"law\".\nMoore's prediction has been used in the semiconductor industry to guide long-term planning and to set targets for research and development, thus functioning to some extent as a self-fulfilling prophecy. Advancements in digital electronics, such as the reduction in quality-adjusted microprocessor prices, the increase in memory capacity (RAM and flash), the improvement of sensors, and even the number and size of pixels in digital cameras, are strongly linked to Moore's law. These ongoing changes in digital electronics have been a driving force of technological and social change, productivity, and economic growth.\nIndustry experts have not reached a consensus on exactly when Moore's law will cease to apply. Microprocessor architects report that semiconductor advancement has slowed industry-wide since around 2010, slightly below the pace predicted by Moore's law.<>Moore's Law is a prediction made by Gordon Moore, co-founder of Intel, in a 1965 paper titled \"Cramming more components onto integrated circuits\". In the paper, Moore observed that the number of transistors on a microchip had doubled approximately every year since the invention of the microchip. Based on this trend, he predicted that the number of transistors on a microchip would continue to double approximately every 18-24 months, leading to exponential increases in the processing power and decrease in the cost of computers.\n\n\n\nMoore's Law has largely held true for the past several decades, leading to rapid advancements in technology and the proliferation of computers and other electronic devices in society. However, there has been some debate in recent years about the sustainability of Moore's Law, as the physical limitations of transistors and other components may eventually make it difficult to continue doubling the number of transistors on a microchip. Some experts predict that Moore's Law may eventually reach its limits, while others believe that new technologies and approaches will be developed to allow for continued progress.<>wiki_csai