Investing in a growth stock periodically<>I would encourage you to read The Warren Buffett Way.  Its a short read and available from most libraries as an audio book.  It should address most of the ignorance that your post displays.   Short term prices, offered in the market, do not necessarily reflect the future value of a company.  In the short term the market is a popularity contest, in the long run prices increases based on the performance of the company.  How much free cash flow (and related metrics) does the company generate.  You seem way overly concerned with short term price fluctuations and as such you are more speculating. Expecting a 10 bagger in 2-3 years is unrealistic.  Has it happened, sure, but it is a rare thing.  Most would be happy to have a 2 bagger in that time frame. If I was in your shoes I'd buy the stock, and watch it.  Provided management meet my expectations and made good business decisions I would hold it and add to my position as I was able and the market was willing to sell me the company at a good price.   It is good to look at index funds as a diversification.   Assuming everything goes perfectly, in 2-3 years, you would have an extra 1K dollars.  Big deal.  How much money could you earn during that time period?  Simply by working at a fairly humble job you should be able to earn between 60K and 90K during that time.  If you stuck 10% of that income into a savings account you would be far better off (6K to 9K) then if this stock actually does double.  Hopefully that gets you thinking. Staring out is about earning and saving\/investing.  Start building funds that can compound.  Very early on, the rate of return (provided it is not negative) is very unimportant.  The key is to get money to compound!<>Periodically investing in growth stocks can be a good strategy for long-term investors. Growth stocks are companies that are expected to have above-average earnings and revenue growth, and they are typically more risky than value stocks, which are companies that are undervalued compared to their peers.One way to invest in growth stocks periodically is through dollar-cost averaging. This means investing a fixed amount of money at regular intervals, such as monthly or quarterly, regardless of the stock price. This can help to smooth out the impact of market volatility on your investment and potentially lower your average cost per share.It's important to diversify your portfolio and not put all your eggs in one basket, so consider including a mix of growth and value stocks, as well as other asset classes such as bonds and real estate. It's also important to conduct thorough research and due diligence on any stocks you're considering investing in, including reviewing the company's financial statements, competitive landscape, and management team.Keep in mind that investing in the stock market carries risks and it's important to be prepared for the possibility of losing money. It's always a good idea to consult with a financial professional before making any investment decisions.<>finance