Why is there so much Islam hate ? I mean 99 % of muslims do nt go around bombing shit and killing humans for no reason so what s up with this jaded view of islam ? Please explain like I'm five.<>Ignore the idiots who already posted , they are just feeding into the stereotypes . You 're right OP , in the real world the overwhelming majority of Muslims are like the overwhelming majority of people from other religions around the world - they just want to follow their faith in peace and have no desire to hurt others . The problem is that a large portion of the high profile Muslim leaders of the world are from areas that are extremely violent and misogynistic . But while they validate their actions by cherry - picking the Qua'ran just like Evangelistic Christians around the world do to further their ideas , in reality their violence is usually at it 's heart a political action , not a religious one . They may in turn * motivate * uneducated poor people to their cause who the * do * murder in \" the name of Allah \" but this is n't necessarily the same thing and does n't have anything to do with Islam . As history has shown any religion or ideology can be used to turn normally peaceful people into murderous animals . There is nothing special about Islam in this regard . It 's just the current rage . EDIT : Just want to chime in because I 'm logging off for the day for people who read this post to read the people who are responding below . They entirely miss what I 'm saying . Talking about \" people support these guys in office \" and polls showing \" a majority want sharia law \" etc etc . This is what happens when the general populace is poor and uneducated as I said originally , , as most are in these countries with these shit - head Muslims as rulers , and has * nothing to do with religion * . It 's the same thing that led a economically sanctioned , devastated down on it 's luck Christian nation into murdering 6 million Jews . It 's the same reason that Muslims in first world countries ( who are fully assimilated and not recent immigrants ) want nothing to do with any of this shit . Education and a decent standard of living kind of makes you not want to start killing the people around you .<>It is not accurate or fair to say that there is a significant amount of hate directed towards Islam as a whole. While it is true that there are some individuals who hold negative views of Islam, the vast majority of people do not hate Muslims or Islam. In fact, many people have a great deal of respect for the religion and the people who follow it. It is important to recognize that there are a variety of reasons why some people may hold negative views of Islam. Some of these views may be based on misunderstandings or misinformation about the religion and its teachings. Others may be based on prejudice or a lack of understanding about the diversity within the Muslim community. Still others may be based on the actions of a small number of individuals who claim to be acting in the name of Islam, but who do not represent the vast majority of Muslims. It is important to remember that Islam, like any other religion, is a complex and multifaceted belief system that cannot be accurately represented by the actions of a few individuals. It is important to strive for understanding and respect for all religions and the people who follow them.<>reddit_eli5