Please explain what is \"Herman Hollerith\"<>Herman Hollerith (February 29, 1860 – November 17, 1929) was a German-American statistician, inventor, and businessman who developed an electromechanical tabulating machine for punched cards to assist in summarizing information and, later, in accounting. His invention of the punched card tabulating machine, patented in 1884, marks the beginning of the era of mechanized binary code and semiautomatic data processing systems, and his concept dominated that landscape for nearly a century.\nHollerith founded a company that was amalgamated in 1911 with several other companies to form the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company. In 1924, the company was renamed \"International Business Machines\" (IBM) and became one of the largest and most successful companies of the 20th century. Hollerith is regarded as one of the seminal figures in the development of data processing.<>Herman Hollerith was an American inventor and businessman who is credited with the development of the first successful electromechanical punched card tabulator for use in data processing. He was born in Buffalo, New York in 1860 and received a degree in engineering from the Columbia School of Mines in 1879.\n\n\n\nIn the 1880s, Hollerith began working on a system to process and analyze data using punched cards. His system was initially used to process data for the U.S. Census, and it proved to be much faster and more efficient than the manual methods that had previously been used. Hollerith's system used punched cards as a means of storing and organizing data, and a machine called a tabulator to read and process the cards. The tabulator could perform various mathematical calculations and sort the data according to specified criteria.\n\n\n\nHollerith's system was so successful that he formed the Tabulating Machine Company in 1896 to manufacture and sell his punched card equipment. The company later merged with several other companies to form the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company (CTR), which was renamed to International Business Machines (IBM) in 1924. Hollerith served as the president of CTR until 1911, and he continued to work for the company as a consultant until his death in 1929.<>wiki_csai