What is the purpose of nuclear bomb testing ? Why would do nations test something that is destroyed by its own very testing ? What information are they looking to gain from the test ? Explain like I'm five.<>For nuclear weapons you need to find out if it actually works , and if it does , how \" powerful \" the explosion is , which is called its yield . You can also test the effect of the weapon on structures , vehicles , even people and other organisms , to see how effective the weapon is . Safety experiments test how likely accidental detonation of the weapon is , or how effective its safety devices are . Tests also allow you to find and develop ways to detect nuclear detonations , as you may want to see if other nations are developing weapons secretly , eg North Korea .<>Nuclear bomb testing is the process of setting off a nuclear weapon to see how it works and to gather data about its performance. The purpose of nuclear bomb testing is to develop and improve nuclear weapons.\n\nNations test nuclear bombs because they believe that having nuclear weapons makes them safer and more secure. Nuclear weapons are powerful weapons that can cause a lot of destruction, and countries want to make sure that their nuclear weapons work correctly and are reliable. By testing nuclear bombs, nations can learn about the capabilities of their weapons and make sure that they are ready for use if necessary.\n\nThe information that nations are looking to gain from nuclear bomb testing includes things like the yield (how much energy is released by the bomb), the design of the bomb, and how well it can survive the conditions of a nuclear explosion. This information can help nations improve their nuclear weapons and make them more effective.\n\nIt's important to note that nuclear bomb testing can also have negative effects, including pollution and the risk of radiation exposure for people living near the test site. Because of these risks, many countries have stopped testing nuclear bombs and have signed agreements to not conduct any more tests.<>reddit_eli5