How are RSU's factored into Income during loan qualification?<>Long ago when I was applying for my first mortgage I had to list all my income and assets. At the time I had some US Savings Bonds from payroll deduction. I asked about them. The loan officer told me that unless I was willing\/planning on selling them to make the down payment, they were immaterial to the loan application. So unless you have a habit of turning RSUs into cash, or are willing to do so for the down payment, it is no different from having money in a 401K or IRA: the restrictions on selling them make them illiquid.<>RSUs (restricted stock units) are considered income for the purpose of loan qualification. The lender will use the value of the RSUs as income in their calculations to determine how much you can borrow.The lender will typically use the value of the RSUs at the time the loan application is made as the income amount. However, if the RSUs have not yet vested, the lender may use the projected value of the RSUs based on their vesting schedule.It's important to be accurate and honest about the value of your RSUs and any other income sources when applying for a loan, as this information will be used to determine your ability to repay the loan. If you have any questions about how your income, including RSUs, will be factored into your loan qualification, it's a good idea to speak with a lender or financial professional.","If you are referring to a mortgage loan, lenders will typically consider the income from your Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) when evaluating your loan application. They will typically include the value of your RSUs as part of your total income, along with any other income sources you have, such as wages, salary, bonuses, and other forms of investment income.To determine your income from RSUs, lenders will typically use the fair market value of the units at the time of the loan application. They may also consider any vesting schedules or restrictions that apply to your RSUs, as this can affect the timing and amount of income you will receive from these units.It's important to note that lenders will also consider other factors when evaluating your loan application, such as your credit score, debt-to-income ratio, and the value of the property you are purchasing. They will use this information to determine your overall ability to repay the loan, and may require you to provide documentation to support your income and financial situation.<>finance