Please explain what is \"Artificial neuron\"<>An artificial neuron is a mathematical function conceived as a model of biological neurons, a neural network. Artificial neurons are elementary units in an artificial neural network. The artificial neuron receives one or more inputs (representing excitatory postsynaptic potentials and inhibitory postsynaptic potentials at neural dendrites) and sums them to produce an output (or activation, representing a neuron's action potential which is transmitted along its axon). Usually each input is separately weighted, and the sum is passed through a non-linear function known as an activation function or transfer function[clarification needed]. The transfer functions usually have a sigmoid shape, but they may also take the form of other non-linear functions, piecewise linear functions, or step functions. They are also often  monotonically increasing, continuous, differentiable and bounded. Non-monotonic, unbounded and oscillating activation functions with multiple zeros that outperform sigmoidal and ReLU like activation functions on many tasks have also been recently explored. The thresholding function has inspired building logic gates referred to as threshold logic; applicable to building logic circuits resembling brain processing. For example, new devices such as memristors have been extensively used to develop such logic in recent times.\nThe artificial neuron transfer function should not be confused with a linear system's transfer function.\nArtificial neurons can also refer to artificial cells in neuromorphic engineering (see below) that are similar to natural physical neurons.<>An artificial neuron is a mathematical function that is designed to mimic the behavior of a biological neuron. A biological neuron is a cell that is found in the nervous system of animals, and it is responsible for receiving, processing, and transmitting information. An artificial neuron receives input from other neurons or external sources, processes that input using a set of weights and biases, and then produces an output. The output of an artificial neuron is typically binary (either 0 or 1), but it can also be a continuous value between 0 and 1.\n\n\n\nArtificial neurons are the basic building blocks of artificial neural networks, which are computer algorithms that are inspired by the structure and function of the brain. Artificial neural networks are used for a variety of tasks, including image recognition, language translation, and decision-making. They are particularly useful for tasks that require the processing of large amounts of data or for tasks that are too complex for traditional algorithms to solve.<>wiki_csai