The argument for why farm subsidies are good please give reasons why they 're good and good arguments for it Explain like I'm five.<>In addition to what others have said , the food supply is a national security issue . If we did away with farm subsidies then after a while , the vast majority of that production would be exported to places like Mexico or China . Hell that happens to a large extent right now . If a war starts tomorrow , there is the concern that the food shipments might stop . If that happens a country like America needs to have the experience , tools , and land available to feed itself . Perhaps not as well as we eat right now , but it needs to be that people wo n't starve . So we give our farmers a little extra so that they can stay in business . Hopefully we can keep importing lettuce from china and we can all eat like kings forever . But the farmers need to be there in case we need to use them .<>Farm subsidies are government financial assistance programs that are designed to help farmers and ranchers manage the risks and challenges of operating a farm or ranch. There are several reasons why farm subsidies are considered to be good:\n\nStabilize prices: Farm subsidies can help stabilize prices for agricultural products, which can be affected by many factors such as weather, pests, and global market conditions. By providing financial assistance to farmers during difficult times, subsidies can help ensure that they can continue to produce the food and other products that we rely on.\n\nSupport rural communities: Farms and ranches are an important part of many rural communities, and farm subsidies can help support these communities by helping to keep farms and ranches in business. This can help create jobs and boost the local economy.\n\nProtect the environment: Farm subsidies can also be used to encourage farmers to adopt practices that are better for the environment, such as conserving water, protecting soil health, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions.\n\nFeed the world: Agricultural products are a vital source of food for people around the world, and farm subsidies can help ensure that farmers have the resources they need to produce enough food to meet the needs of a growing global population.\n\nOverall, farm subsidies can help farmers and ranchers navigate the many risks and challenges of operating a farm or ranch, and they can also help support rural communities, protect the environment, and ensure that there is enough food to go around.<>reddit_eli5