What does it mean for issuing corporations to “crank out expensive shares when markets are frothy … and issue debt when markets are cheap”?<>crank out expensive shares when markets are frothy Corporations go public (sell their shares for the first time) in market conditions that have a lot of liquidity (a lot of people buying shares) and when they have to make the fewest concessions to appease an investing public. When people are greedy and looking to make money without using too much due diligence. Think Netscape's IPO in 1995 or Snapchat's IPO in 2017. They also issue more shares after already being public in similar circumstances. Think Tesla's 1 billion dollar dilution in 2017. Dilution results in the 1 share owning less of the company. So in a less euphoric investing environment, share prices go down in response to dilution. See Viggle's stock for an example, if you can find a chart. issue debt Non-financial companies create bonds and sell bonds. Why is that surprising to you? Cash is cash. This is called corporate bonds or corporate debt. You can buy Apple bonds right now if you want from the same brokers that let you buy stocks. mutual fund investor Bernstein is making a cynical assessment of the markets which carries a lot of truth. Dumping shares on your mom's 401k is a running gag amongst some financial professionals. Basically mutual fund investors are typically the least well researched or most gullible market participants to sell to, influenced by brand name more than company fundamentals, who will balk at the concept of reading a prospectus. Financial professionals and CFOs have more information than their investors and can gain extended advantages because of this. Just take the emotions out of it and make objective assessments.<>When markets are \"frothy,\" it means that investors are willing to pay high prices for assets and there is a general feeling of optimism about the future. In this environment, issuing corporations may choose to \"crank out expensive shares\" by selling a large number of shares at a high price. This can be a way for the issuing corporation to raise a lot of money quickly, as investors are willing to pay a premium for the shares.On the other hand, when markets are \"cheap,\" it means that investors are not willing to pay high prices for assets and there is a general feeling of pessimism about the future. In this environment, issuing corporations may choose to issue debt (such as bonds) rather than sell shares. This can be a way for the corporation to raise money without having to give up ownership stake in the company.","When markets are \"frothy,\" it generally means that there is a lot of investor enthusiasm and asset prices are high. In this environment, issuing corporations may be able to \"crank out expensive shares\" by selling a large volume of their stock at high prices, because investors are willing to pay a premium for the assets.On the other hand, when markets are \"cheap,\" it generally means that asset prices are low and investor sentiment is pessimistic. In this environment, issuing corporations may choose to \"issue debt\" by borrowing money, rather than selling equity (e.g., shares of stock). This is because it may be easier to find lenders willing to lend money at low interest rates when the demand for loans is high and the supply of capital is abundant.The decision to issue shares or debt can depend on a variety of factors, including the issuing corporation's financial needs and its perceived creditworthiness. The overall economic environment and the state of financial markets can also play a role in this decision.<>finance