What are free radicals and antioxidants ? What do they do that makes them bad \/ good ? Why do some foods have more of the antioxidants ? Explain like I'm five.<>All day , you breathe air in and out . This is to get yourself oxygen , a type of atom which is very important to have . Your body needs oxygen because of one thing oxygen has , that not many other atoms have . Oxygen is very sticky . It 's one of the stickiest atoms there are . Oxygen likes to stick to stuff because of it 's \" electronegativity \" , and it will try to stick to whatever it can . When you breathe in oxygen from the air , it comes in pairs . These are two oxygen atoms stuck together , making their stickyness cancel out . Your body knows how to unstick them and use them to glue other atoms together to form molecules that can be used throughout the body to make things , from bones to skin . But when a single lonely oxygen atom gets free , we call it a \" free radical \" A free radical is just a single oxygen atom , but remember how we said oxygen is very sticky ? It will try to stick itself onto other molecules , even when it should n't ! This can easily break things , because the molecules in your body have to be very carefully made . If an oxygen molecule just walks up and sticks to it , this is very bad . Lucky for us , there 's other types of molecules called \" antioxidants \" . Antioxidants are molecules too , but they have a special slot just for sticky oxygen atoms . Antioxidant molecules are sticky too , but they have a shape that only fits with a sticky oxygen atom . If you eat antioxidants , they will go around your body gobbling up all the sticky oxygen atoms , before they stick to something they should n't . They only work on sticky oxygen , they do n't work on the paired oxygen you breath in , so do n't worry about them using all the oxygen in your body . Some foods just happen to have a lot of antioxidants . It 's because food is made up of molecules too , and some of those have more antioxidants than others . They make them on their own as they grow so they do n't get broken by sticky lone oxygen molecules either . Your body makes it 's own antioxidants too ! But sometimes it ca n't make enough on it 's own , so you need to eat them to get more . The healthier you eat , the more antioxidants you can get , and the less likely your body will get hurt by those sticky lone oxygen molecules .<>Free radicals are molecules that have an unpaired electron, which makes them very reactive. They can damage cells in your body, which can lead to inflammation and diseases such as cancer and heart disease. Antioxidants are molecules that can neutralize free radicals and prevent them from causing damage. Some foods, such as fruits and vegetables, contain a high amount of antioxidants. These foods are good for you because they can help protect your body from the damaging effects of free radicals. Some foods have more antioxidants because they contain higher amounts of certain nutrients, such as vitamin C and E, which are powerful antioxidants. These nutrients can help protect your body from the harmful effects of free radicals. So, eating foods that are high in antioxidants can help keep your body healthy.<>reddit_eli5