What's behind the long secular bull market in U.S. Treasuries?<>In a secular bull market, strong investor sentiment drives prices higher, as participants, over time, are net buyers. Secular markets are typically driven by large-scale national and   worldwide events... demographic\/ population shifts,   governmental policies... bear market periods occur within   the longer interval, but do not reverse the trend. There are still many reasons to buy the long bond, despite the lack of yield (nearly flat term structure of interest rates). Despite the recent credit ratings agency downgrades of U.S. sovereign risk, the T-bond offers greater relative security than many alternatives.  If Germany were NOT part of the EU, its government bonds would be issued by the Bundesbank, denominated in Deutsche Marks. German government bonds would probably be a better choice than the U.S. Treasury's 30-year bond.  Long-term maturity U.S. Treasuries are in demand by investment and portfolio managers because:<>There are a number of factors that have contributed to the long-term trend of declining interest rates and rising prices in the U.S. Treasury market, also known as a \"secular bull market.\" Some of the most important factors include:Economic growth and inflation: In general, when economic growth is strong and inflation is high, demand for credit increases, which can push up interest rates. Conversely, when growth is slow and inflation is low, demand for credit is weaker, which can lead to lower interest rates.Central bank policy: Central banks, such as the Federal Reserve, can influence interest rates through their monetary policy. For example, if the Fed raises interest rates, it can lead to higher yields on Treasuries. Conversely, if the Fed lowers interest rates, it can lead to lower yields on Treasuries.International demand: The U.S. Treasury market is the largest and most liquid bond market in the world, and it is often seen as a safe haven for investors during times of economic uncertainty. As a result, demand for U.S. Treasuries from foreign investors can be a significant factor in determining their yields.Government debt: The U.S. government has been running budget deficits for many years, and as a result, the supply of U.S. Treasuries has increased. This increase in supply can put downward pressure on yields, as there are more bonds available for investors to buy.Overall, the combination of these and other factors has contributed to the long-term trend of declining interest rates and rising prices in the U.S. Treasury market. It is worth noting that this trend is not guaranteed to continue indefinitely and that there can be periods of volatility or changes in the direction of interest rates.<>finance