How do they shoot space movies to look like zero gravity ? I 'm talking older movies , too , like 2001 a Space Odyssey when superior editing technology was still a ways off . Please explain like I'm five.<>In the case of 2001 it was actually really clever : They suspended the actors on wires just like a lot of movies used to do , but they built the set sideways and put the camera on the ground pointing upwards . This accomplished two things : First , the actor 's body hid the wires so you did n't have to try to remove them in post . Second , the actor 's movements drifting horizontally ( which , from the camera 's perspective , appeared to be vertical ) looked WAY more natural than having a stagehand jerk the wires up and down .<>There are several techniques that filmmakers use to create the illusion of zero gravity in movies. One technique is called \"forced perspective.\" This involves shooting a scene with the camera at an angle that makes objects in the foreground look larger than they are, while objects in the background appear smaller. This creates the illusion that the objects in the foreground are closer to the camera and are therefore subject to less gravity. \nAnother technique is called \"high-speed photography.\" This involves shooting a scene at a very high frame rate, typically hundreds or thousands of frames per second. When the footage is played back at a normal frame rate, it appears as though the objects in the scene are moving much more slowly than they actually are. This can be used to make it look like objects are floating or moving slowly in a weightless environment. \nIn some cases, filmmakers will also use special effects and computer-generated imagery (CGI) to create the illusion of zero gravity. This can involve digitally altering the movement of objects in a scene or creating entirely digital environments that look like they are in space. \nIn the past, filmmakers have also used practical effects to create the illusion of zero gravity. For example, in the movie \"2001: A Space Odyssey,\" the filmmakers used a special rig called a \"zero gravity plane\" to simulate weightlessness. The plane would fly in a parabolic pattern, allowing the actors to experience brief periods of weightlessness. The filmmakers then shot the scenes during these periods and used editing techniques to make it look like the actors were in a weightless environment.<>reddit_eli5