What will happen to Earth when the magnetic poles switch ? We are overdue for the magnetic field swapping . What 's going to happen to us and is there any way to tell if it will happen soon ? Please explain like I'm five.<>No reversal in the past has been correlated with any kind of mass extinction . The overwhelming majority of high energy particles are deflected not by the magnetic field , but simply attenuated by our dense atmosphere . Perhaps the biggest threat is that to our satellite network ; there 's problems already in realation to the [ South Atlantic Anomaly ] ( URL_0 ) , where a weakness in part of our magnetic field is exposing satellites that pass through it to more high energy particles than usual . This has lead to a few glitches . That all said , we 're really not sure yet what the process of a reversal is like . Until fairly recently the consenus was that it was a fairly slow process , but increasingly the timescales are shortening as we get better dating information on past reversals . Modelling also suggests that the field becomes multipolar and complex , rather than just shutting off or flipping during these periods , so we might at least hope for some cool aurora at latitudes that do n't normally see them .<>The Earth's magnetic field is generated by the movement of molten iron in its core. The field is not a fixed structure, and it has flipped many times in the past. This process, known as magnetic reversal, takes place over a period of thousands of years.During a magnetic reversal, the Earth's magnetic field becomes weaker and then flips, so that the north magnetic pole becomes the south magnetic pole and vice versa. This process is not yet fully understood, but scientists think that it may be caused by changes in the movement of molten iron in the Earth's core.There is no way to know exactly when a magnetic reversal will occur, but some scientists believe that we are currently overdue for one. However, it's important to note that the Earth's magnetic field has flipped many times in the past, and it has not had any significant effects on life on Earth. In fact, some scientists believe that magnetic reversals may have even helped to stimulate the evolution of life on Earth.So, while a magnetic reversal may be interesting to think about, it is not something that we need to worry about. The Earth's magnetic field is a powerful and important part of our planet, and it will continue to protect us from harmful solar radiation and help us navigate the globe for many years to come.<>reddit_eli5