What caused Christianity to become such an internationally popular religion ? And , also , what are the possible causes for the severe decline in the Greek , Roman , and Egyptian religions which featured multiple gods ? Explain like I'm five.<>I would say that the apostle Paul played one of the biggest roles in transforming Jesus 's teachings into an viable international religion . Jesus 's teachings were centered around redefining man 's relationship with God , making it less about the ritualistic observances of the Old Testament ( example : resting on the Sabbath ) , and more about developing a true personal relationship with God . However , when Jesus was alive , he his teachings were intended pretty much exclusively for the people of Israel . As Jesus states in Matthew 15:24 , \" I was sent only to the lost sheep of the house of Israel . \" He even goes on to compare the Gentiles ( anyone who was n't Jewish ) to dogs eating at the children 's table ( Matt 15:26 ) , and told his disciples not to preach to them ( Matt 10:5 ) . So if Jesus did n't intend his message for non - Jews , how is it now an international religion ? This transition can be seen in the Acts of the Apostles , and here 's where Paul comes in . Although the formal reason for taking the message to the Gentiles that this book gives is God 's commission through a vision , subtext in the book suggests that the disciples simply were n't having much luck converting the Jews . For instance , when the Jews are angry at Paul for preaching to the Gentiles , he says , \" It was necessary that the word of God should be spoken first to you . Since you reject it and judge yourselves to be unworthy of eternal life , we are now turning to the Gentiles \" ( Acts 13:46 ) . Basically , many Jews rejected Jesus 's teachings , which prompted Paul the Apostle to take his teachings elsewhere . Additionally , Paul was a Roman citizen , which more easily allowed him to preach Jesus 's teachings throughout the Roman Empire . Interestingly , there is a pivotal moment in the book of Acts which shows what allowed Jesus 's teachings to be translated to an international audience . This event is called the Council of Jerusalem , and was a meeting between Paul , James , and others concerning disagreements between members of the early church ( can be found in chapted 15 of Acts ) . The issue at hand was whether or not the Gentile followers of Jesus needed to become circumcised ( and by extension , whether they needed to follow many other ritualistic practices of the Jews ) . Paul spoke out against the requirement of circumcision , and ultimately James sided with him on the issue . This was such an important moment in the development of Christianity because it made it much easier to practice the religion as a Gentile outsider ( much easier than having a new stringent book of rules to follow ( plus adult circumcision does n't sound nearly as fun without modern medicine ) ) . Anyways , this was a pivotal moment because it separated the following of Jesus from the regulations of Jewish culture , which has allowed it to flourish in many different cultures around the world .<>Christianity is a monotheistic religion that believes in one God and the teachings of Jesus Christ. It became popular because its message of love, forgiveness, and redemption resonated with people all over the world. Additionally, Christianity was spread through the efforts of missionaries who traveled to different parts of the world to share the teachings of Jesus with others.\n\nThe decline of the Greek, Roman, and Egyptian religions, which featured multiple gods, was likely due to a variety of factors. These religions were practiced in specific geographic regions and may have lost popularity as other religions, such as Christianity, spread to these areas and gained converts. Additionally, the decline of these religions may have been influenced by changes in cultural and societal values, as well as the rise and spread of other religions.<>reddit_eli5