Lowest Interest Options for Short-Term Loan<>Also talk to your bank(s) or credit union(s); first one of mine I looked at offers an unsecured loan at 7% variable, and a signature loan at 7.5% fixed, no hidden costs on either. You might do better. Also check store credit. Sears used to offer 1-year-0% financing on appliances if you signed up for the store's card at the time of purchase, and if you have the discipline to reliably pay it off before interest hits that's a hard deal to best. Other stores have offered something similar for major purchases of this sort; do some homework to find out who. (I bought my fridge that way, paying it in month 10.) The \"catch\"  is that many people get distracted and do wind up paying interest, and the store hopes that having an account with them will encourage you to shop there more often.)<>There are several options for short-term loans with low interest rates, but it's important to keep in mind that the terms of these loans may vary depending on your credit history, income, and other factors. Here are a few options to consider:Credit card balance transfer: If you have a credit card with a low interest rate, you may be able to transfer the balance of a short-term loan to your card. This can be a good option if you have a good credit score and can pay off the balance before the introductory rate expires.Personal loan: Personal loans from banks or online lenders may have lower interest rates than other types of short-term loans, such as payday loans or cash advances. However, you may need to have a good credit score to qualify for the best rates.Peer-to-peer lending: Peer-to-peer (P2P) lending platforms allow individuals to borrow and lend money directly to each other. These loans may have lower interest rates than traditional loans, but the terms can vary greatly depending on the lender.Home equity loan: If you own a home and have equity in it, you may be able to take out a home equity loan or line of credit. These loans often have lower interest rates than unsecured loans, but they also require collateral.It's important to carefully compare the terms and conditions of different loan options before deciding which one is best for you. Make sure you understand the fees, repayment terms, and any other costs associated with the loan. It may also be helpful to talk to a financial advisor or counselor to explore your options and determine the best course of action for your specific situation.<>finance