Suggest treatment for swelling in the entire scrotal sacI had hydrocele surgery 10 days ago. Now I have severe swelling in the entire scrotal sac which is the size of a softball. The urologist prescribed ibuprofen and cephalexin last friday, but the swelling remains the same. Note:I have had severe lymphedema in my right leg for several years . the urologist who did the operation is aware of this condition.<>Hi,A hydrocele is an accumulation of peritoneal fluid in the scrotum and surgical drainage of the fluid is done to treat the condition. If the hydrocele is uncomplicated, the doctor makes an incision directly into the scrotum. After the canal between the abdominal cavity and the scrotum is repaired, the hydrocele sac is removed, fluid is removed from the scrotum, and the incision is closed with sutures.10 days is a very short time for the surgical wound to heal completely. The hydrocele sac has been removed surgically and now the fluid is accumulating in the scrotum. This will be present for some time until it gets absorbed in to the body. There can be some swelling for the first 2 - 3 weeks after surgery and few people also experience bruising of scrotal skin. Please wear loose clothes and have a scrotal support as suggested by your surgeon.<>I'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing swelling in your scrotal sac following hydrocele surgery. It's important to follow the advice of your healthcare provider in these situations, as they are best equipped to diagnose and treat your specific condition.\n\nIn the meantime, here are a few things that may help reduce swelling:\n\nElevate your scrotum: Try to keep your scrotum elevated above the level of your heart as much as possible. This can help reduce swelling by allowing gravity to help drain excess fluid away from the area.\n\nUse cold compresses: Applying a cold compress to your scrotum can help reduce swelling and provide some relief from discomfort. Make sure to wrap the ice pack in a towel before applying it to your skin to avoid frostbite.\n\nTake medications as prescribed: If your healthcare provider has prescribed medications to help reduce swelling, make sure to take them as directed. This may include nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) like ibuprofen or antibiotics like cephalexin.\n\nAvoid strenuous activity: Try to avoid activities that may cause additional swelling or discomfort in your scrotum. This may include heavy lifting or other activities that increase blood flow to the area.\n\nIf the swelling persists or becomes worse despite these measures, it's important to follow up with your healthcare provider for further evaluation and treatment. They may need to adjust your treatment plan or refer you to a specialist for additional care.<>medicine