Is pregnancy possible despite taking Duphaston?Me and my partner last intercourse was nov 17 and got my period nov 20\/ I am irregular and until now I didn t have my period. My OB told me to take duphaston for 10 days from jan 8 to feb 17. I took again PT this morning 2 times and it came up 1 line. would this have possibility that I am preggy? And if not when will the possiblity that period will come after taking the duphaston?<>Hello dearI understand your concernAs you get the period after the sexual intercourse,  no chance of the pregnancy. Your delayed period is due to the hormonal imbalance.One line in the pregnancy test suggest you are not pregnant.Duphaston will help in induce the period,Bleeding will come 4-5 (maximum 7 days) days after the stopping the duphaston.Avoid stress, take healthy diet and do regualr exercise.Hope this may help youContact HCM for further health queryBest regardsDr. Sagar<>It is possible to become pregnant while taking Duphaston, as it is not a form of contraception and does not prevent pregnancy. Duphaston is a medication that is used to treat various menstrual disorders and conditions related to the menstrual cycle, such as irregular periods and absent periods. It is not intended to be used as a method of birth control.\n\nIf you are concerned about the possibility of pregnancy, it is important to take a pregnancy test to determine if you are pregnant. Home pregnancy tests are usually accurate if taken a week after a missed period, but it is always best to confirm with a healthcare provider.\n\nIt is also important to note that Duphaston may alter the timing and regularity of your menstrual cycle, so it is possible that your period may be delayed or irregular while you are taking the medication. If you have not had a period after taking Duphaston for an extended period of time, or if you have any other concerns about your menstrual cycle, it is important to speak with your healthcare provider for further evaluation and guidance.<>medicine