Please explain what is \"Artificial selection\"<>Selective breeding (also called artificial selection) is the process by which humans use animal breeding and plant breeding to selectively develop particular phenotypic traits (characteristics) by choosing which typically animal or plant males and females will sexually reproduce and have offspring together. Domesticated animals are known as breeds, normally bred by a professional breeder, while domesticated plants are known as varieties, cultigens, cultivars, or breeds. Two purebred animals of different breeds produce a crossbreed, and crossbred plants are called hybrids. Flowers, vegetables and fruit-trees may be bred by amateurs and commercial or non-commercial professionals: major crops are usually the provenance of the professionals.\nIn animal breeding, techniques such as inbreeding, linebreeding, and outcrossing are utilized. In plant breeding, similar methods are used. Charles Darwin discussed how selective breeding had been successful in producing change over time in his 1859 book, On the Origin of Species. Its first chapter discusses selective breeding and domestication of such animals as pigeons, cats, cattle, and dogs. Darwin used artificial selection as a springboard to introduce and support the theory of natural selection.\nThe deliberate exploitation of selective breeding to produce desired results has become very common in agriculture and experimental biology.\nSelective breeding can be unintentional, for example, resulting from the process of human cultivation; and it may also produce unintended – desirable or undesirable – results. For example, in some grains, an increase in seed size may have resulted from certain ploughing practices rather than from the intentional selection of larger seeds. Most likely, there has been an interdependence between natural and artificial factors that have resulted in plant domestication.<>Artificial selection is a process by which humans breed plants and animals for specific traits or characteristics. It is a form of selective breeding in which humans deliberately choose which individuals will reproduce, based on their desired traits. This is in contrast to natural selection, which is the process by which traits that are advantageous for survival and reproduction are passed on to future generations through the process of evolution.\n\n\n\nArtificial selection has been used for thousands of years to breed domesticated animals and plants for various purposes, such as increasing their size, improving their flavor, or enhancing their appearance. For example, humans have bred cattle for meat, milk, and leather; dogs for hunting, herding, and guarding; and crops for yield, taste, and disease resistance.\n\n\n\nArtificial selection can also be used in the laboratory setting to create genetically modified organisms (GMOs). In this process, scientists can use techniques such as gene editing to introduce specific traits into an organism's genome, or they can transfer genes from one organism to another using techniques such as genetic engineering.\n\n\n\nOverall, artificial selection is a powerful tool that has had a significant impact on the diversity of plants and animals that we see today, and it continues to be an important area of research and development in the field of biology.<>wiki_csai