Please explain what is \"Cognitive neuroscientist\"<>Cognitive neuroscience is the scientific field that is concerned with the study of the biological processes and aspects that underlie cognition, with a specific focus on the neural connections in the brain which are involved in mental processes. It addresses the questions of how cognitive activities are affected or controlled by neural circuits in the brain. Cognitive neuroscience is a branch of both neuroscience and psychology, overlapping with disciplines such as behavioral neuroscience, cognitive psychology, physiological psychology and affective neuroscience. Cognitive neuroscience relies upon theories in cognitive science coupled with evidence from neurobiology, and computational modeling.\nParts of the brain play an important role in this field. Neurons play the most vital role, since the main point is to establish an understanding of cognition from a neural perspective, along with the different lobes of the cerebral cortex.\nMethods employed in cognitive neuroscience include experimental procedures from psychophysics and cognitive psychology, functional neuroimaging, electrophysiology, cognitive genomics, and behavioral genetics.\nStudies of patients with cognitive deficits due to brain lesions constitute an important aspect of cognitive neuroscience. The damages in lesioned brains provide a comparable starting point on regards to healthy and fully functioning brains. These damages change the neural circuits in the brain and cause it to malfunction during basic cognitive processes, such as memory or learning. People have learning disabilities and such damage, can be compared with how the healthy neural circuits are functioning, and possibly draw conclusions about the basis of the affected cognitive processes. Some examples of learning disabilities in the brain include places in Wernicke's area, the left side of the temporal lobe, and Brocca's area close to the frontal lobe.\nAlso, cognitive abilities based on brain development are studied and examined under the subfield of developmental cognitive neuroscience. This shows brain development over time, analyzing differences and concocting possible reasons for those differences.\nTheoretical approaches include computational neuroscience and cognitive psychology.<>Cognitive neuroscientists are scientists who study the relationship between the brain and cognitive functions such as perception, attention, language, learning, and memory. They use techniques from neuroscience, psychology, and computer science to understand how the brain processes information and how this leads to the emergence of complex behaviors and mental processes.\n\n\n\nCognitive neuroscientists often use techniques such as functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and electroencephalography (EEG) to study brain activity, as well as behavioral experiments to understand how the brain supports various mental functions. They may also use computational models and simulations to understand how the brain performs certain tasks and to predict how the brain will respond to different stimuli.\n\n\n\nCognitive neuroscientists may work in a variety of settings, including academic research institutions, hospitals, and government agencies. Their research may have a range of practical applications, including the development of new treatments for brain disorders and the design of more effective educational and training programs.<>wiki_csai