Why is nobody holding the US responsible for destabilizing the entire middle - eastern region and creating IS ? Yet the US can not shut up how China and Russia are violating human rights ? Please explain like I'm five.<>Because it 's so much more complicated than that . By that logic , France should be held accountable for Hitler , since it was their outrageous reparation demands that bankrupted Germany after WWI and created the political environment that allowed Hitler to rise to power . Should France be held responsible for the holocaust ? No . France may have created the metaphorical gun , but it was Germany that took it and pulled the trigger . Likewise , the US did not create ISIS . We certainly helped to create the political climate to allow its creation * recently * , but it is the extremists who took the opportunity to do so , and the other nearby nations like Saudi Arabia that failed to take action against extremism within their borders to prevent it . The middle east has n't been \" stable \" in hundreds of years . The US definitely has not been helpful at times , but there are far more factors and far more players . Should we be culpable for the negative effects of our presence there ? Yeah . But we 've had positive influences as well . I 'm not trying to hand - wave the bad away and excuse or actions , but neither is it fair to say the situation there is the fault of the US .<>It is not accurate to say that the US is not being held responsible for destabilizing the Middle East and creating the Islamic State (IS). There have been many criticisms and debates about the role of the US in the conflicts and issues in the Middle East, and there are certainly different perspectives on this topic. Some people believe that the US has played a significant role in destabilizing the region and contributing to the rise of groups like IS, while others believe that the US has acted in the best interests of the region and has worked to promote stability and security.As for why the US might criticize other countries, such as China and Russia, for violating human rights, it is important to understand that the US, like all countries, has its own interests and values. The US has traditionally been seen as a defender of human rights and democracy, and it has often spoken out against countries that it believes are violating these values. This does not necessarily mean that the US is perfect or that it does not have its own human rights issues to address, but rather that it is committed to promoting certain ideals and principles in its foreign policy.<>reddit_eli5