When I buy stocks or shares , what exactly am I buying , What is my money used for . Thanks for the response everyone for your great responses I am understanding this business better . Please explain like I'm five.<>The first time someone buys shares during what is called an IPO ( Or initial public offering ) the money they pay for the shares goes to the company . Companies often choose to become publicly traded if they need to raise money to do something . For example . if you build widgets in your backyard , and everyone wants to buy one , after a while , you may decide to sell shares in your company . you choose to sell 49 % of the company ( People with certain types of shares get to vote on what the company does , and you decide in my scenario you still want the majority vote ) . For simplicity 's sake , you divide the company into 100 equal parts , all with equal voting and dividend rights . Effectively , this means you have ' sliced ' your company into 100 equal sized pieces . These are valued at 10 dollars each , meaning your company in total is worth $ 1000 . Hence , your sale raises $ 490 . This money goes into your pocket , or more properly , your companies pocket . You use the money to buy machines to build widgets faster . Everyone is happy with your widgets , and they think your company is a very good company . You are making lots of money , you pay good dividends ( portion of your profits paid to shareholders ) , and your company is a strong performer in the widget market . Other people want to own part of your company . However , you still do n't want to sell any of your 51 shares , so they buy shares from some of the people you sold the 49 shares to . Lots of people want to buy these shares , because they think that , over time , your company will become even better , and they can then sell them for a profit . Also , you will probably pay even better dividends in future . Because of this , they offer to pay $ 12 \/ share to the people who originally bought shares from you . This money goes to the people who own the shares , not you . This process goes on pretty much forever . N.B. This is my first ELI5 answer . I may have made it too simple , I 'm not sure . Obviously shares are far more complex than this but I did n't think much more complexity would be worthwhile in this sub .<>When you buy stocks or shares, you are buying a small ownership stake in a company. Your money is used by the company to fund its operations and grow its business. For example, a company might use the money you give them when you buy their stock to hire new employees, build a new factory, or develop a new product. In exchange for giving the company your money, you become a shareholder and get a piece of the company's profits. If the company does well and makes a lot of money, the value of your stock might go up, and you can sell it for more than you paid for it. If the company doesn't do well and doesn't make much money, the value of your stock might go down, and you could lose some of the money you invested.<>reddit_eli5