Taking a car loan vs cash and effect on credit score<>Imagine that your normal mode of using credit gets you a score of X. As time goes by your score trends upward if the positive items (length of credit) outweigh your negative items. But there are no big increases or decrease in your score. Then you make a one time change to how you use credit. If this is a event that helps your score, there will be a increase in your score. If it is bad thing your score will drop. But if you go back to your standard method of operating your score will drift back to the previous range. Getting a car loan for a few months to get a bump in your credit score, will not sustain your score at the new level indefinitely. Overtime the impact will lessen, and the score will return your your normal range. Spending money on the loan just to buy a temporary higher credit score is throwing away money.<>Taking out a car loan can have a positive effect on your credit score, as long as you make your loan payments on time and in full. When you take out a loan, you are borrowing money from a lender and agreeing to pay it back over a certain period of time, with interest. This demonstrates to lenders that you are able to borrow money responsibly and pay it back as agreed.On the other hand, paying for a car in cash does not have the same impact on your credit score. While paying for a car in cash may save you money on interest charges, it does not provide any opportunity for you to demonstrate your creditworthiness to lenders.It's worth noting that a car loan is just one factor that can affect your credit score. Your credit score is determined by a number of factors, including your payment history, the amount of debt you have, the length of your credit history, the types of credit you have, and any new credit you have applied for. To maintain a good credit score, it's important to pay all of your bills on time, keep your credit card balances low, and avoid applying for too much new credit at once.<>finance