Explain Reddit to my sister . Like she 's 5 I just ca n't do it . Explain like I'm five.<>It 's like a big plaza . People walk into it and share something ( a picture , a video , whatever ) , and see if other people like it . If someone likes it , they 'll gather a crowd of people around it . The biggest crowds move near the entrance of the plaza . Naturally , these crowds get more attention , since they 're at the front . People also start to talk inside the crowds , and start discussions . The most popular discussions gather a group of people around them ( but they 're all still in the same crowd ) . After a while , though , people get bored of it ( usually within a day ) , and they all leave to the next big thing . Points keep track of how many big crowds you 've had for all time . Basically , plaza(frontpage ) > crowds(posts ) > groups(comments ) . Number of people in crowds \/ groups is karma points . There are also smaller plazas for people who like certain things . Let 's say it 's ponies . In this plaza , you can only talk about ponies , and the most popular things about ponies get a big crowd .<>Sure! Here's a simple explanation of Reddit for a 5 year old: Reddit is a website where people can go to talk about different things that they are interested in. These things are called \"topics\" or \"subreddits.\" Some examples of subreddits might be about animals, games, or stories. When you go to a subreddit, you'll see a list of posts that other people have made about that topic. You can read these posts and see what other people are saying about the topic. If you want to talk about the topic too, you can make your own post and share your thoughts. People on Reddit can also \"upvote\" or \"downvote\" posts that they like or don't like. Upvoting a post means you think it's a good post and you want other people to see it. Downvoting a post means you think it's not a good post and you don't want other people to see it as much. That's a simple way to think about Reddit. It's a place where people can go to talk about things they're interested in and share their thoughts with others.<>reddit_eli5