Why do companies like Yahoo or Microsoft buy out other companies for way more than they 'll make back ? Yahoo buying tumblr or Microsoft buying minecraft . They pay way more than what tumblr or minecraft make every year . What 's the motive ? Please explain like I'm five.<>The prices certainly can make one 's head spin when compared to current revenues or earnings ( if they even have any ! ) . Marc Andreessen , who is an incredibly successful tech venture capitalist , explains the logic behind sky high valuations here : URL_0 Some key points are : sometimes , big companies are buying defensively to protect their existing business . Sometimes they think they can cross - sell the product with their existing portfolio . And , sometimes they just overpay ...<>There are a few different reasons why a company might choose to buy out another company for more than they will make back. One reason is that the company being bought out may have valuable assets or intellectual property that the buying company wants to acquire. For example, Yahoo might have wanted to buy Tumblr because Tumblr had a large user base and a popular platform for blogging and social networking. Similarly, Microsoft might have wanted to buy Minecraft because it is a very popular and successful video game with a large and dedicated player base. Another reason a company might choose to buy out another company is to expand its reach or capabilities. By acquiring another company, the buying company can gain access to new markets, customers, or technologies that it didn't have before. This can help the buying company grow and become more competitive in its industry. Finally, a company might choose to buy out another company simply because it believes that the company is undervalued and has the potential to become much more valuable in the future. In this case, the buying company is willing to pay more upfront in order to potentially reap larger rewards down the line. Overall, there are many different factors that can influence a company's decision to buy out another company, and the specific reasons will vary depending on the specific situation.<>reddit_eli5