Disadvantages of steroid usage it 's always seemed a bit complex to me , could use a more simple explanation ! Explain like I'm five.<>I 'm assuming you 're referring to anabolic steroids commonly used for people trying to bulk up on muscle mass . Well , simply put , these drugs mimic the properties of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone . They mimic them so well that the body thinks they these steroids are those two compounds , and the feedback systems that the body uses to regulate testosterone levels starts to go to work . Thinking there 's too much testosterone , the body begins to cut back on production . Prolonged steroid use can cause atrophy of your testosterone - producing tissues ... which you should know are your testicles . That 's why people joke about steroid users having small ballsacks ... because its a side - effect of prolonged steroid use . There 's a slew of other side - effects as well , all relating to the fact that you 're throwing one of your primary hormones out of balance . Things like impotency , acne , male - pattern baldness , erectile dysfunction , liver impairment , etc . In short , a bit of extra muscle mass if just not worth the slew of problems that come with steroid abuse .<>Sure, I'd be happy to explain the disadvantages of steroid usage to you in a simple way.\n\nSteroids are medications that are used to treat a variety of medical conditions. They can be helpful when used correctly, but they can also have serious side effects if they are used improperly or for a long period of time.\n\nOne disadvantage of steroid usage is that they can cause changes in your appearance, such as acne, changes in body hair, and increased muscle size. They can also cause changes in your mood, such as feeling anxious or angry.\n\nAnother disadvantage of steroid usage is that they can have negative effects on your body's natural hormone production. This can cause problems with your menstrual cycle and fertility in women, and can lead to testicle shrinkage and reduced fertility in men.\n\nSteroids can also weaken your immune system, which means that you may be more likely to get sick or have infections. They can also cause damage to your liver and increase your risk of developing liver cancer.\n\nIt's important to only use steroids when they are prescribed by a doctor and to follow their instructions carefully. If you have any concerns about using steroids, it's a good idea to talk to your doctor.<>reddit_eli5