Should my retirement portfolio imitate my saving portfolio?<>Short Answer: Length of Time invested and risk should be correlated. From what I am hearing this is pretty good game plan for your age.   Minutia: Once you get closer to retirement lets say in 20 years.  You might want to treat two lumps of money with different risk.  For me at 49 I have a lump of money for 55-70 that carries a lot less risk then another lump of money for when I hit 80. This way I can wait and take Social Security at 70 when it pays the most per month.  Then I'll have another pile of money for when my care costs start being very expensive.    Or I think most people would benefit from making sure you have the funds you need for the next 5 years in items with extremely low risk and funds you need 6 years out or more you can have some risk tolerance there. Best laid plans though.<>It is generally recommended that your retirement portfolio be somewhat different from your savings portfolio, as the goals and time horizon of the two types of accounts are likely to be different. Your savings portfolio may be focused on short-term goals, such as saving for a down payment on a house or a car, and may therefore be more conservative in nature. Your retirement portfolio, on the other hand, is likely to have a longer time horizon, as you will not be accessing the funds for many years. As a result, it may be more appropriate to take on more risk in your retirement portfolio, as you have more time to ride out market fluctuations and potentially earn higher returns. That being said, the specific mix of assets that is appropriate for your retirement portfolio will depend on your individual circumstances, such as your age, risk tolerance, and time horizon. It is important to review your portfolio regularly and make adjustments as needed to help ensure that it is aligned with your long-term goals.","It's generally a good idea for your retirement portfolio to be more conservative than your saving portfolio, since you will likely be withdrawing from your retirement accounts in the near future and need to preserve your capital. This means that your retirement portfolio should have a higher allocation to more stable, lower-risk investments such as bonds, rather than a higher allocation to stocks and other higher-risk investments.However, the appropriate asset allocation for your retirement portfolio will depend on your individual circumstances, such as your age, risk tolerance, and investment horizon. It's important to consider these factors and to diversify your portfolio across different asset classes in order to balance risk and potential returns. It may be helpful to work with a financial advisor or to use a retirement planning tool to help you determine the right asset allocation for your retirement portfolio.<>finance