Please explain what is \"Control theory\"<>Control theory is a field of mathematics that deals with the control of dynamical systems in engineered processes and machines. The objective is to develop a model or algorithm governing the application of system inputs to drive the system to a desired state, while minimizing any delay, overshoot, or steady-state error and ensuring a level of control stability; often with the aim to achieve a degree of optimality.\nTo do this, a controller with the requisite corrective behavior is required. This controller monitors the controlled process variable (PV), and compares it with the reference or set point (SP). The difference between actual and desired value of the process variable, called the error signal, or SP-PV error, is applied as feedback to generate a control action to bring the controlled process variable to the same value as the set point. Other aspects which are also studied are  controllability and observability.  Control theory is used in control system engineering to design automation  that have revolutionized manufacturing, aircraft, communications and other industries, and created new fields such as robotics.  \nExtensive use is usually made of a diagrammatic style known as the block diagram. In it the transfer function, also known as the system function or network function, is a mathematical model of the relation between the input and output based on the differential equations describing the system.\nControl theory dates from the 19th century, when the theoretical basis for the operation of governors was first described by James Clerk Maxwell.  Control theory was further advanced by Edward Routh in 1874, Charles Sturm and in 1895, Adolf Hurwitz, who all contributed to the establishment of control stability criteria; and from 1922 onwards, the development of PID control theory by Nicolas Minorsky.\nAlthough a major application of mathematical control theory is in control systems engineering, which deals with the design of process control systems for industry, other applications range far beyond this. As the general theory of feedback systems, control theory is useful wherever feedback occurs - thus control theory also has applications in life sciences, computer engineering, sociology and operations research.<>Control theory is a branch of engineering that deals with the design, analysis, and implementation of systems that can regulate the behavior of other systems. It is used in a wide variety of fields, including electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, and chemical engineering, to name a few.\n\n\n\nControl theory is concerned with the development of mathematical models that can describe the behavior of a given system and the design of algorithms that can be used to control the system's behavior. This involves the use of feedback to ensure that the system behaves in a desired way.\n\n\n\nControl systems can be classified into two main categories: open-loop systems and closed-loop systems. In an open-loop system, there is no feedback between the system and its environment, so the system's output is determined solely by its inputs. In a closed-loop system, the output of the system is fed back to the system as an input, which allows the system to adjust its behavior in response to changes in the environment.\n\n\n\nControl theory is a powerful tool that is used in a wide range of applications, including the control of robots, aircraft, spacecraft, and chemical processes. It is also used in the design of automatic control systems for building heating and cooling systems, power generation plants, and other complex systems.<>wiki_csai