Please explain what is \"Evolutionary algorithms\"<>In computational intelligence (CI), an evolutionary algorithm (EA) is a subset of evolutionary computation, a generic population-based metaheuristic optimization algorithm. An EA uses mechanisms inspired by biological evolution, such as reproduction, mutation, recombination, and selection. Candidate solutions to the optimization problem play the role of individuals in a population, and the fitness function determines the quality of the solutions (see also loss function). Evolution of the population then takes place after the repeated application of the above operators.\nEvolutionary algorithms often perform well approximating solutions to all types of problems because they ideally do not make any assumption about the underlying fitness landscape. Techniques from evolutionary algorithms applied to the modeling of biological evolution are generally limited to explorations of microevolutionary processes and planning models based upon cellular processes. In most real applications of EAs, computational complexity is a prohibiting factor. In fact, this computational complexity is due to fitness function evaluation. Fitness approximation is one of the solutions to overcome this difficulty. However, seemingly simple EA can solve often complex problems; therefore, there may be no direct link between algorithm complexity and problem complexity.<>Evolutionary algorithms (EAs) are a type of optimization algorithm that are inspired by the natural process of evolution that occurs in biological systems. These algorithms are used to solve optimization problems by iteratively improving a population of candidate solutions over time.\n\n\n\nEAs work by first creating a population of candidate solutions, also known as individuals or chromosones, which represent potential solutions to the optimization problem. These candidates are then evaluated using a fitness function, which measures the quality or effectiveness of each solution. The candidates with the highest fitness scores are selected to be the parents, and they are used to generate a new population of candidates through various techniques, such as crossover (combining elements from different parents) and mutation (randomly modifying elements of the parent). This process is repeated over a number of generations until a satisfactory solution is found, or until a predetermined number of generations have been reached.\n\n\n\nEAs are useful for solving complex optimization problems that may not have a known mathematical solution, or for which it is difficult to develop an effective heuristic algorithm. They are widely used in a variety of fields, including engineering, computer science, and biology.<>wiki_csai