Please explain what is \"Neural network\"<>A neural network is a network or circuit of biological neurons, or, in a modern sense, an artificial neural network, composed of artificial neurons or nodes. Thus, a neural network is either a biological neural network, made up of biological neurons, or an artificial neural network, used for solving artificial intelligence (AI) problems. The connections of the biological neuron are modeled in artificial neural networks as weights between nodes. A positive weight reflects an excitatory connection, while negative values mean inhibitory connections. All inputs are modified by a weight and summed. This activity is referred to as a linear combination. Finally, an activation function controls the amplitude of the output. For example, an acceptable range of output is usually between 0 and 1, or it could be −1 and 1.\nThese artificial networks may be used for predictive modeling, adaptive control and applications where they can be trained via a dataset. Self-learning resulting from experience can occur within networks, which can derive conclusions from a complex and seemingly unrelated set of information.<>A neural network is a type of machine learning model that is inspired by the structure and function of the human brain. It is composed of layers of interconnected \"neurons,\" which process and transmit information. Each neuron receives input from other neurons, performs a computation on that input, and produces an output that is passed on to other neurons in the next layer.\n\n\n\nThe input layer of a neural network receives raw data and passes it on to the hidden layers, which perform computations on the data and pass the results on to the output layer. The output layer produces the final output of the neural network, which can be a prediction, a classification, or some other type of output depending on the task that the neural network was trained to perform.\n\n\n\nNeural networks are trained using large amounts of labeled data and an optimization algorithm, which adjusts the weights and biases of the connections between neurons in order to minimize the error between the predicted output and the true output. The ability of neural networks to learn and improve their performance through training has made them a powerful tool for a wide range of tasks, including image and speech recognition, language translation, and playing games.<>wiki_csai