Dark Matter What is it ? How does it work ? Why ca n't we directly affect it ? Explain like I'm five.<>So the Big Bang was a thing . The usual model is some dots on a balloon being blown up , and that 's going to work pretty well for us here . When the Big Bang started , there was some initial velocity , some initial spreading rate , some rate we expect the guy to be blowing up the balloon at { we have some idea of this rate due to [ CMBR ] ( URL_1 ) } . The dots on the balloon represent all the stuff ( AKA matter ) that we can see ; planets , stars , galaxies , grapefruits . All of these have mass and therefore gravity and pull each other together , like if someone put a bunch of rubber bands around the side of the balloon , pulling all of the dots , and also the space itself closer together . { this is where the big crunch idea comes in , that gravity will eventually beat the big bang and the universe will start shrinking back into a dot } But we can also look around and see how fast the universe is actually still expanding , and it 's going way too fast . { we know this due to the [ redshifts of observable galaxies ] ( URL_0 ) } There are n't nearly enough rubber bands on the balloon . We ca n't see any more stuff , but there must be : there is some matter out there ( actually a huge amount of it , like 10x more than normal matter ) and it 's dark , and that 's almost all we know about it . We know it has gravitational pulls , and we 're pretty sure it does n't interact with electromagnetism ( aka light ) and that makes it pretty hard for us and it to interact . { also , it 's been a while since I 've done much cosmology and I feel like I have this the wrong way round and this is closer to the reasoning for dark energy , I 'd welcome some fact checkers }<>Dark matter is a mysterious substance that scientists believe exists because of the way that galaxies behave. It doesn't give off any light, which is why it's called \"dark,\" and it doesn't interact with regular matter in the same way that things like atoms do. Scientists believe that dark matter makes up a large portion of the universe, but we can't see it or touch it directly. We can only detect its presence by how it affects the way other objects move. One way scientists think dark matter might be able to affect things is by providing a kind of \"gravitational glue\" that holds galaxies together. Without dark matter, galaxies might fly apart because of the pull of gravity. We can't directly affect dark matter because it doesn't interact with regular matter in the same way. It's kind of like trying to catch a ball that's made out of rubber - no matter how hard you try, it just bounces off your hand. That's why it's so difficult for us to study dark matter - we can't directly observe it or experiment with it. But even though we don't fully understand dark matter yet, scientists are working hard to learn more about it and figure out its properties. Some scientists think that dark matter might be made up of particles we don't yet know about, and they're using superpowerful telescopes and other tools to try and find evidence of these particles.<>reddit_eli5