Is keeping old credit cards and opening new credit cards with high limits and never using an ideal way to boost credit scores?<>Your plan will work to increase your total credit capacity (good for your credit score) and reduce your utilization (also good).  As mentioned, you will need to be careful to use these cards periodically or they will get closed, but it will work. The question is whether this will help you or not.  In addition to credit capacity and utilization, your credit score looks at things like These factors may hurt you as you continue to open accounts.  You can easily get to the stage where your score is not benefitting much from increased capacity and it is getting hurt a lot by pulls and low average age. BTW you are correct that closing accounts generally hurts your score.  It probably reduces average age, may reduce maximum age, reduces your capacity, and increases your utilization.<>It is not necessarily ideal to try to boost your credit score by opening new credit cards with high limits and never using them. While having a high credit limit can potentially help your credit score, it is more important to show that you can responsibly manage your credit and make payments on time.One factor that is used to calculate your credit score is your credit utilization ratio, which is the amount of credit you are using compared to the total amount of credit available to you. A lower credit utilization ratio is generally considered to be more favorable for your credit score, as it suggests that you are not using a large portion of your available credit. Therefore, if you open new credit cards with high limits but do not use them, your credit utilization ratio may be low, which could help your credit score. However, this strategy may not be sustainable or beneficial in the long term.It is generally more beneficial to use credit responsibly, which means making timely payments on any credit accounts that you have and not using more credit than you can afford to pay back. Additionally, it is a good idea to monitor your credit report regularly to ensure that the information it contains is accurate and up-to-date. This can help you to identify any potential issues that may be affecting your credit score, and take steps to address them.<>finance