Trustable, official sources on holdings, purchases and sales by finance academics\/professionals?<>You won't be able to know the trading activity in a timely, actionable method in most cases. The exception is if the investor (individual, fund, holding company, non-profit foundation, etc) is a large shareholder of a specific company and therefore required to file their intentions to buy or sell with the SEC. The threshold for this is usually if they own 5% or greater of the outstanding shares. You can, however, get a sense of the holdings for some of the entities you mention with some sleuthing. Publicly-Traded Holding Companies Since you mention Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway is an example of this. Publicly traded companies (that are traded on a US-based exchange) have to file numerous reports with the SEC. Of these, you should review their Annual Report and monitor all filings on the SEC's website. Here's the link to the Berkshire Hathaway profile. Private Foundations Harvard and Yale have private, non-profit foundations. The first place to look would be at the Form 990 filings each is required to file with the IRS. Two sources for these filings are GuideStar.org and the FoundationCenter.org. Keep in mind that if the private foundation is a large enough shareholder in a specific company, they, too, will be required to file their intentions to buy or sell shares in that company. Private Individuals Unless the individual publicly releases their current holdings, the only insight you may get is what they say publicly or have to disclose — again, if they are a major shareholder.<>There are several sources of information on the holdings, purchases, and sales of finance academics and professionals. Here are a few options:Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC): The SEC is a U.S. government agency that regulates the securities industry and is responsible for enforcing federal securities laws. The SEC requires certain financial professionals, including finance academics and professionals, to file reports disclosing their holdings, purchases, and sales of securities. These reports, known as Form 4s, can be accessed through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system.Insider Trading Reports: Insider trading reports are produced by various organizations and track the trading activity of corporate insiders, including finance academics and professionals. These reports typically provide information on the number of shares bought or sold, the price paid or received, and the date of the transaction.Professional organizations: Many professional organizations, such as the CFA Institute and the Financial Analysts Federation, have codes of ethics that require members to disclose their holdings, purchases, and sales of securities. Some organizations may make this information available to the public through their websites or other resources.It's important to note that the above sources may not provide complete or up-to-date information on the holdings, purchases, and sales of finance academics and professionals. It's also important to verify the accuracy and reliability of any information you find.<>finance