What causes nervousness and lack of confidence?I constantly cry when I get nervous, dissapointed, or afraid. Its an everyday thing and affects the way i interact with others. I can't talk to my boss or a professor without choking up and i can't tell people what i like or dislike even without feeling like i need to shed some tears. I wont be sad about anything, i'll just cry, or well, choke up. are there any disorders-besides depression- that could be causing my problem?<>DearWe understand your concernsI went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  Why are you saying besides depression? Did anybody diagnose you for depression? Crying Without becoming sad could not be depression. Depression patients usually are sad mostly with crying occasionally.Other wise, the present condition could just be due to disappointment about your simple social phobia. Please visit a psychologist for correct diagnosis.If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further.Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications.Good luck.<>There can be many causes of nervousness and lack of confidence, and it's important to note that these feelings are common and normal to experience at times. However, if they are persistent and interfere with your daily life, it may be helpful to speak with a mental health professional. They can help you identify any underlying issues and provide you with strategies to manage your symptoms.\n\nIt's possible that you may be experiencing anxiety or social anxiety, which can cause nervousness and lack of confidence in social situations. Other potential causes of these symptoms could include past trauma or adverse experiences, low self-esteem, or certain life stressors.\n\nIt's also worth noting that crying in response to emotions is a normal and healthy way to express and process feelings. However, if you feel that your crying is excessive or disrupting your daily life, it may be helpful to speak with a mental health professional to explore possible causes and develop coping strategies.\n\nIt's important to remember that it's okay to seek help if you are struggling with your emotions or if they are impacting your daily life. A mental health professional can provide you with support and guidance to help you manage your symptoms and improve your overall well-being.<>medicine