How does investing in commodities\/futures vary from stocks?<>As Dilip has pointed out in the comment, investing in commodities is to either delivery or Buy. Lets say you entered into buying \"X\" quantities of Soybeans in November, contract is entered into May. In November, if the price is higher than what you purchased for, you can easily sell this, and make money. If in November, the price is lower than your contract price, you have an option to sell it at loss. If you don't want to sell it at loss, you are supposed to take the physical shipment [arrange for your own transport] and store it in warehouse. Although there are companies that will allow you to lease their warehouse, it very soon becomes more loss making proposition. By doing this you can HOLD onto as long as you want [or as long as the good survive and don't rot] It makes sense for a large wholesaler to enter into Buy contracts as he would be like to get known prices for at least half the stock he needs. Similarly large farmers \/ co-operative societies need to enter into Sell contracts so that they are safeguarded against price fluctuations.<>Investing in commodities and futures is different from investing in stocks in a number of ways. Here are some key differences:Asset class: Commodities and futures are physical assets, such as agricultural products, metals, and energy, while stocks represent ownership in a company.Risk and return: Investing in commodities and futures carries a different set of risks than stocks, as the price of these assets is influenced by supply and demand factors, as well as geopolitical and economic events. As a result, the potential return on investment can be higher or lower than stocks, depending on market conditions.Leverage: Commodity and futures contracts can be purchased on margin, which means that investors can control large positions with a small amount of capital. This can magnify potential gains or losses.Volatility: Commodities and futures markets can be more volatile than stock markets, due to the inherent nature of these assets and the use of leverage.Regulation: The commodities and futures markets are regulated by different agencies than the stock market, such as the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in the United States.Trading: Commodities and futures are traded on specialized exchanges, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME), while stocks are traded on stock exchanges, such as the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).<>finance