Please explain what is \"Simulation-based optimization\"<>Simulation-based optimization (also known as simply simulation optimization) integrates optimization techniques into simulation modeling and analysis. Because of the complexity of the simulation, the objective function may become difficult and expensive to evaluate. Usually, the underlying simulation model is stochastic, so that the objective function must be estimated using statistical estimation techniques (called output analysis in simulation methodology).\nOnce a system is mathematically modeled, computer-based simulations provide information about its behavior. Parametric simulation methods can be used to improve the performance of a system. In this method, the input of each variable is varied with other parameters remaining constant and the effect on the design objective is observed. This is a time-consuming method and improves the performance partially. To obtain the optimal solution with minimum computation and time, the problem is solved iteratively where in each iteration the solution moves closer to the optimum solution. Such methods are known as ‘numerical optimization’ or ‘simulation-based optimization’.\nIn simulation experiment, the goal is to evaluate the effect of different values of input variables on a system. However, the interest is sometimes in finding the optimal value for input variables in terms of the system outcomes. One way could be running simulation experiments for all possible input variables. However, this approach is not always practical due to several possible situations and it just makes it intractable to run experiments for each scenario. For example, there might be too many possible values for input variables, or the simulation model might be too complicated and expensive to run for suboptimal input variable values. In these cases, the goal is to find optimal values for the input variables rather than trying all possible values. This process is called simulation optimization.\nSpecific simulation–based optimization methods can be chosen according to Figure 1 based on the decision variable types.\nOptimization exists in two main branches of operations research:\nOptimization parametric (static) – The objective is to find the values of the parameters, which are “static” for all states, with the goal of maximizing or minimizing a function. In this case, one can use mathematical programming, such as linear programming. In this scenario, simulation helps when the parameters contain noise or the evaluation of the problem would demand excessive computer time, due to its complexity.\nOptimization control (dynamic) – This is used largely in computer science and electrical engineering. The optimal control is per state and the results change in each of them. One can use mathematical programming, as well as dynamic programming. In this scenario, simulation can generate random samples and solve complex and large-scale problems.<>Simulation-based optimization is a method of solving optimization problems by using computer simulations to evaluate the performance of different candidate solutions. It is a useful technique when the objective function or the constraints of the optimization problem are difficult or impossible to express analytically, or when the problem involves complex systems or processes that cannot be easily modeled mathematically.\n\n\n\nIn simulation-based optimization, a computer model of the system or process under consideration is used to generate simulated outcomes for different candidate solutions. The optimization algorithm then uses these simulated outcomes to guide the search for the best solution. The key advantage of this approach is that it allows the optimization algorithm to consider a wide range of possible solutions, rather than being limited to those that can be expressed analytically.\n\n\n\nSimulation-based optimization is commonly used in a variety of fields, including engineering, operations research, and economics. It can be applied to optimize a wide range of problems, including resource allocation, scheduling, logistics, and design problems.\n\n\n\nThere are several different algorithms and approaches that can be used for simulation-based optimization, including evolutionary algorithms, genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, and particle swarm optimization. These algorithms typically involve iteratively searching for improved solutions and using simulated outcomes to guide the search towards better solutions.<>wiki_csai