What is the mediastynum cyst on the right side of my chest?Hi Doctor. I just got back from my CT scan. 3 months ago they located a 2 cm mediastynum cyst on the right side of my chest. My doctor sent me to get another CT 3 months later to see if it grew. Thy told me that it looks the same and that it is on the right side of my body near my heart. What should I do? And what is it?<>Respected user, hi I evaluated your query thoroughly .* Mediastinal cyst has vivid pathologies ranging from benign neuronal tumors   to malignant ones .* Mediastinal cyst evaluation needs correlation with detailed history of the    patient , clinical assessment , signs elicited by the consultant, exact location    in the mediastinum with in depth analysis of reports , Biopsy of the lesion   giving histopathological evidence of the disease.Hope this helps you.Welcome for any further queries.Thanks for using Healthcaremagic.com & giving me an opportunity to assist you.Wishing you healthy life ahead.Regards dear take care.<>A mediastinal cyst is a fluid-filled sac that occurs in the mediastinum, which is the space in the chest between the lungs. The mediastinum contains many important structures, including the heart, trachea, esophagus, and blood vessels. Mediastinal cysts are relatively rare and can occur at any age. They can be classified into various types based on their location and contents.\n\nIt is important to have a medical professional evaluate and diagnose the specific type and cause of your mediastinal cyst. The treatment for a mediastinal cyst will depend on the type and location of the cyst, as well as any symptoms it may be causing. In some cases, no treatment may be necessary if the cyst is not causing any problems. However, if the cyst is causing symptoms or is at risk of causing problems in the future, treatment may be necessary. This could include medications, drainage of the cyst, or surgery to remove the cyst.\n\nIt is important to follow your doctor's recommendations and to have any recommended follow-up evaluations to monitor the cyst. It is also important to let your doctor know if you experience any new or worsening symptoms, such as difficulty breathing, chest pain, or swelling in the neck or face.<>medicine