How can elevated blood sugar levels be treated while on Metformin and Teneligliptin?I am 80 years old male with type II diabetes. i took blood-sugar reading -- 2 hours after meals- It is 168. in the morning after 7Hrs sleep it was 134. Pl. let me have your experts opinion. I am taking glymepride 2mg plus 1000 metformin 1-01,, Teneligliptin 20mg 1-0-0 daily v.krishnamoorthy<>Hello, Type 2 diabetes mellitus is due to insulin resistance, you can control it by diet changes, decrease carbohydrate content in your diet + exercise. Fasting sugar levels depend on the previous night at what time you had dinner and what food you had sir, you should change your diet and exercise that is enough sir, your medications are sufficient. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Regards,Dr Pusarla Naga Sai Lakshmi, Cardiac Surgeon<>Elevated blood sugar levels in individuals with type 2 diabetes can be managed through a combination of lifestyle changes, medication, and blood sugar monitoring. If you are already taking metformin and teneligliptin and your blood sugar levels are still high, there are a few options that you and your healthcare provider can consider:\n\nAdjust your medication dosage: Your healthcare provider may adjust the dosage of your current medications or prescribe additional medications to help lower your blood sugar levels.\n\nMake lifestyle changes: Lifestyle changes, such as following a healthy diet, getting regular physical activity, and managing stress, can help lower blood sugar levels and improve your overall health.\n\nMonitor your blood sugar levels: Regularly monitoring your blood sugar levels can help you and your healthcare provider understand how your blood sugar levels are responding to treatment and make any necessary adjustments.\n\nIt's important to note that everyone's treatment plan is different and what works for one person may not work for another. It's important to work closely with your healthcare provider to develop a treatment plan that is right for you.<>medicine