Pending euro payment to a usd account<>Currency exchange is rather the norm than the exception in international wire transfers, so the fact that the amount needs to be exchanged should have no impact at all. The processing time depends on the number of participating banks and their speeds. Typically, between Europe and the US, one or two business days are the norm. Sending from Other countries might involve more steps (banks)  which each takes a bit of time. However, anything beyond 5 business days is not normal. Consider if there are external delays - how did you initiate the sending? Was it in person with an agent of the bank, who might have put it on a stack, and they type it in only a day later (or worse)? Or was it online, so it is in the system right away? On the receiver side, how did you\/your friend check? Could there be a delay by waiting for an account statement? Finally, and that is the most common reason, were all the numbers, names, and codes absolutely correct? Even a small mismatch in name spelling might trigger the receiving bank to not allocate the money into the account. Either way, if you contact the sender bank, you will be able to make them follow up on it. They must be able to trace where they money went, and where it currently is. If it is stuck, they will be able to get it ‘unstuck’.<>If you have a pending Euro payment that you need to send to a USD account, there are a few options you can consider:Convert the Euros to USD before sending the payment. You can do this by using a currency exchange service or by using your bank's online or mobile banking platform. Keep in mind that the exchange rate may fluctuate, so you may end up with a different amount of USD than you expected.Use an international wire transfer service. This option can be more expensive than converting the Euros to USD, but it may be faster. Some services allow you to send money directly from your bank account or using a debit or credit card.Use an online payment service. There are several online payment services that allow you to send money internationally, including PayPal, TransferWise, and Xoom. These services often have lower fees than banks and can be more convenient, but you may need to create an account and verify your identity before you can use them.It's important to carefully compare the fees and exchange rates of different options to determine which one is the most cost-effective and convenient for you. It's also a good idea to check with the recipient to see if they have any preferences or requirements for receiving the payment.<>finance