What causes pain under chest ribs and feeling air bubbles inside?Daughter is age 13 having gas bubble type pain under both sides just under her ribs. She said when she bends over the left side pain moves down in bottom of her tummy. Gave her gas relief pills. She's sleeping now. Should I worry or is this probably gas?<>Hello!Thank you for asking on HCM!I understand your concern and would explain that her symptoms seem to be related to dyspepsia (troubles with indigestion) and the accumulation of gas in her intestine, leading to a distension of the diaphragm and pain in this region. A gastric disorder ( gastritis or gastro esophageal reflux) can't be excluded. The fact that her symptoms are modulated by the body movement is another argument in favor of these disorders, including possible musculo-skeletal pain. If her symptoms persist, I recommend consulting with the GP for a careful physical examination, a chest x ray, an abdominal ultrasound and some lab tests (complete blood count, kidney and liver function tests, fasting glucose, blood electrolytes) to rule out any other disorders related to this symptomatology.  A fibrogastroscopy may be necessary to exclude possible gastro-esophageal reflux. Hope to have been of help!Best wishes, Dr. Iliri<>Pain under the chest ribs and feeling air bubbles inside could be caused by a number of things, including gas, indigestion, or a gastrointestinal (GI) issue such as inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) or irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). It could also be caused by a muscle strain or other soft tissue injury.\n\nIf your daughter has taken gas relief pills and is now sleeping, it is possible that the pain was caused by gas and that the medication has helped to alleviate the symptoms. However, if the pain persists or becomes more severe, it is important to consult a healthcare provider for further evaluation and treatment.\n\nIn the meantime, it may be helpful to try some simple home remedies to help alleviate the pain and discomfort, such as drinking plenty of fluids, eating a healthy diet, and avoiding foods that are known to cause gas. If your daughter is experiencing constipation, over-the-counter laxatives or other remedies may be helpful.\n\nIt is always a good idea to be cautious and to seek medical attention if you have concerns about your daughter's health. If the pain continues or becomes more severe, or if your daughter experiences any other concerning symptoms, it is important to consult a healthcare provider for further evaluation and treatment.<>medicine