Currently sole owner of a property. My girlfriend is looking to move in with me and is offering to pay 'rent'. Am I at risk here?<>I have been renting rooms out of my house for over 7 years now.  When renting to non-family, the arrangement is usually successful.  People leave for various reasons, an occasionally I will ask someone to move out if they are not working out.  In the USA, this works well because by keeping things formal (rental agreements, etc) you actually have a great business with lots of deductions that end up reducing you net income quite a bit. However, US law makes a big distinction about whether or not you're renting to family\/relatives, specifically around whether or not they are paying full-market rent for their room.  If not, then you are subsidizing them which could disqualify your property (or at least the portion they are using) from being legitimately rented -- and thus no tax deductions for said activity. The other risk, -- again, in the USA -- is the possibility of a long-term relationship falling under rules of common-law marriage.  This is rare unless children are involved.  A couple who have children, married or not, may have the courts get involved to oversee the division of assets with regards to ensuring the children have a place to live and adequate financial support. For the UK, I would think the laws would be roughly similar.  Check out this website for more a detailed review.  https:\/\/www.citizensadvice.org.uk\/family\/living-together-marriage-and-civil-partnership\/living-together-and-marriage-legal-differences\/<>It's natural to have concerns about financial arrangements and potential risks when it comes to sharing a property with someone else, particularly if that person is not a co-owner. Here are a few things to consider:Rent payment: If your girlfriend is paying rent, it could be helpful to formalize the arrangement by having her pay through a check or electronic payment, rather than in cash. This will provide a record of the payment and can help to avoid misunderstandings about the amount of rent paid.Written agreement: It may also be a good idea to have a written agreement outlining the terms of the rental arrangement. This could include the amount of rent, the length of the rental period, and any other terms or conditions that you and your girlfriend agree upon. A written agreement can provide clarity and help to protect both of your interests.Legal risks: As the owner of the property, you are responsible for maintaining the property and ensuring that it is safe and habitable. If your girlfriend is paying rent, she has the right to expect that the property will be well-maintained. However, if something were to go wrong with the property, such as a plumbing issue or an electrical problem, you could be held responsible for any damages or injuries that result.Financial risks: If you are the sole owner of the property and your girlfriend is paying rent, you may be taking on financial risk if she is unable to pay the rent. It's important to consider what would happen in this situation and have a plan in place in case it arises.Overall, it's a good idea to have open and honest communication with your girlfriend about the terms of the rental arrangement and to consider the potential risks and benefits before making a decision. If you have concerns, it may be helpful to seek the advice of a lawyer or financial advisor.<>finance