What is inflation?<>I've seen a lot of long and complicated answers here so here is my simple and short answer: Let's say the economy consists of: 10 apples and 10$. Then an apple costs 1$. If you print 10$ more you have: 10 apples and 20$. Then an apple costs 2$. That is it! It's not what Kenshin said:  Over time, prices go up! However I would like to add something more on the topic: inflation is theft! If I hack the bank and steal 10% from each account it's obvious that it is theft. It's a bit less obvious when the government prints out money and people loose 10% of the value in their bank accounts but the end result is the same. Final note: some may disagree but I do not consider inflation when 5 of the apples rot and you have: 5 apples and 10$ and an apple now costs 2$. This is a drop in supply and if the demand stays the same prices will rise.<>Inflation is an increase in the general price level of the goods and services in an economy over a period of time. When the general price level rises, each unit of currency buys fewer goods and services; consequently, inflation reflects a reduction in the purchasing power of money. A chief measure of price inflation is the inflation rate, the annualized percentage change in a general price index (normally the consumer price index) over time.Inflation can be caused by various factors, such as an increase in the supply of money, an increase in government spending, or a decrease in taxes. When the supply of money increases faster than the supply of goods and services, prices tend to rise, resulting in inflation. On the other hand, when the supply of goods and services increases faster than the supply of money, prices tend to fall, resulting in deflation.Inflation is generally measured using a price index, such as the consumer price index (CPI), which measures the average price of a basket of goods and services consumed by households. The rate of inflation is calculated by comparing the price index in one period to the price index in a previous period and expressing the difference as a percentage. For example, if the CPI was 100 in January and rose to 105 in February, the rate of inflation over that one-month period would be 5%.<>finance