why are so many people christian yet get so upset when people talk about helping the poor , giving people welfare , job assistance , health care etc ? Is it the fact that they just want to go to heaven ? Explain like I'm five.<>It is the largest inconsistency in American Christianity right now , and something that preventing the church from both growing and fulfilling its mission . As a Christian , it can be quite discouraging . My thoughts on why : The Christian church has aligned itself with the Republican Party , and conservatism in general , largely due to progressive social issues . First on that list would be abortion . Most Christians are so opposed to abortion , that they would align themselves with the anti - abortion party regardless of that party 's stance on other issues . Homosexuality is a similar example , although the resistance there , while strong , has n't been quite as strong as it is towards abortion . Over time , Christians have fooled themselves into believing that because Republicans are \" correct \" about abortion , they must be correct about other issues , such as social justice and welfare , despite extremely clear biblical teaching on these issues . Of course , we must also say that not all Christians are this way . In fact , there is a rapidly growing movement within the church to change the focus , it is just very difficult . Sigh .<>There are many different reasons why people might get upset when others talk about helping the poor, giving people welfare, job assistance, or health care. It's possible that some people might have strong beliefs about individual responsibility and self-sufficiency, and they might feel that these programs are unnecessary or even harmful. They might believe that people should be able to take care of themselves and that it's not the government's responsibility to provide assistance.\r\n\r\nOn the other hand, some people who are Christian might feel strongly about helping those in need, and they might believe that it's important to follow Jesus's teachings to love and care for one another. They might also believe that it's important to be a good steward of their resources and to use their wealth and privilege to help others.\r\n\r\nIt's important to remember that people have different beliefs and values, and it's okay to disagree with others. It's important to try to understand and respect each other's perspectives, even if we don't always agree.<>reddit_eli5