Suggest treatment for lump in lower back, pain radiating up the spineI m 21 and I have a huge lump on my lower back right above tail bone I ve had 2 c sections and the lump formed about 3 years ago I have gained a little weight but I had the lump before that and it gives me daily back pain sometime it shoots up my spine and sometimes it shoots through my hips.. What could this be it gets bigger when I bend over slightly it s as big as my hand<>Hi, dearI have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some benign or cancerous soft tissue tumor like lipoma neurofibroma eyc. You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology of that lump. Then you should go for excision of that lump according to diagnosis. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using health care magic. Wish you a very good health.<>It is not possible for me to accurately diagnose the cause of the lump and pain you are experiencing without further information and a physical examination. It is important that you speak with a healthcare professional for a proper diagnosis and treatment plan.\n\nThere are many potential causes of lumps in the lower back, including muscle strains or spasms, herniated discs, spinal abnormalities, infections, and tumors. Pain radiating up the spine and into the hips could be caused by a variety of factors, including muscle strains, spinal issues, and nerve irritation.\n\nTo determine the cause of your symptoms, your healthcare provider may ask about your medical history, perform a physical examination, and order imaging tests such as X-rays or an MRI. Based on the results of these tests, your provider will be able to recommend the most appropriate treatment for your specific situation. This may include medications, physical therapy, chiropractic care, or surgery, depending on the underlying cause of your symptoms.\n\nAgain, it is important that you speak with a healthcare professional as soon as possible to determine the cause of your symptoms and receive appropriate treatment.<>medicine