Does the common advice about diversification still hold in times of distress<>The common advice you mentioned is just a guideline and has little to do with how your portfolio would look like when you construct it. In order to diversify you would be using correlations and some common sense. Recall the recent global financial crisis, ones of the first to crash were AAA-rated CDO's, stocks and so on. Because correlation is a statistical measure this can work fine when the economy is stable, but it doesn't account for real-life interrelations, especially when population is affected. Once consumers are affected this spans to the entire economy so that sectors that previously seemed unrelated have now been tied together by the fall in demand or reduced ability to pay-off. I always find it funny how US advisers tell you to hold 80% of US stocks and bonds, while UK ones tell you to stick to the UK securities. The same happens all over the world, I would assume. The safest portfolio is a Global Market portfolio, obviously I wouldn't be getting, say, Somalian bonds (if such exist at all), but there are plenty of markets to choose from. A chance of all of them crashing simultaneously is significantly lower. Why don't people include derivatives in their portfolios? Could be because these are mainly short-term, while most of the portfolios are being held for a significant amount of time thus capital and money markets are the key components. Derivatives are used to hedge these portfolios. As for the currencies - by having foreign stocks and bonds you are already exposed to FX risk so you, again, could be using it as a hedging instrument.<>Diversification is a risk management strategy that involves spreading your investments across a variety of asset classes, sectors, and geographic regions in order to reduce the impact of market fluctuations on your portfolio. This is typically done with the goal of maximizing returns while minimizing risk.During times of economic distress, such as a recession or financial crisis, diversification can be especially important because it can help to protect your portfolio from the negative impacts of market volatility. When markets are volatile, some assets may decline in value while others may increase, and diversification can help to balance out those effects.However, it's important to note that diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against loss. There is always the possibility that a diversified portfolio will underperform or lose value, especially in extreme market conditions.Overall, the common advice to diversify your portfolio still holds in times of distress, but it is important to keep in mind that diversification is just one aspect of a well-rounded investment strategy and should be combined with other risk management techniques, such as proper asset allocation and careful consideration of individual investment choices.<>finance