Buying a house. I have the cash for the whole thing. Should I still get a mortgage to get the homeowner tax break?<>Your wealth will go up if your effective rate after taxes is less than the inflation rate.  That is, if your interest rate is R and marginal tax rate is T, then you need R*(1-T) to be less than inflation to make a loan worth it.  Lately inflation has been bouncing around between 1% and 1.8%.  Let's assume a 25% tax rate.  Is your interest rate lower than between 1.3% and 2.4%?  If not, don't take out a loan. Another thing to consider: when you take out a loan you have to do a ton of extra stuff to make the lender happy (inspections, appraisals, origination charges, etc.).  These really add up and are part of the closing costs as well as the time\/trouble of buying a house.  I recently bought my house using 100% cash.  It was 2 weeks between when I agreed to a price to when the deal was sealed and my realtor said I probably saved about $10,000 in closing costs.  I think she was exaggerating, but it was a lot of time and money I saved.  My final closing costs were only a few hundred, not thousands, of dollars. TL;DR: Loans are for suckers. Avoid if possible.<>It's generally a good idea to consider getting a mortgage even if you have the cash to pay for a house in full. Here are a few reasons why:A mortgage can offer a tax benefit: As a homeowner, you may be able to claim a tax deduction for the interest you pay on your mortgage. This can be a significant benefit, especially in the early years of your mortgage when the majority of your monthly payment goes towards interest.A mortgage can help you preserve your cash: If you pay for a house in cash, you will no longer have that cash available for other investments or emergencies. A mortgage allows you to keep your cash on hand for other purposes while still building equity in your home.A mortgage can help you qualify for a bigger loan: If you have a large amount of cash available, a lender may be more willing to lend you a larger amount for a mortgage. This can allow you to buy a more expensive home or make other improvements to your property.It's worth noting that there are also potential drawbacks to getting a mortgage, such as the potential for your home to lose value and the risk of defaulting on the loan. It's important to carefully weigh the pros and cons and consult with a financial advisor or tax professional before making a decision.<>finance