Suggest treatment for hepatitis-B.Good evening Sir.  I asking for my brother in low. He working in UAE,  2 months ago he have some health problem   then he admitted a hospital and Doctors found he have HEPATITIS  B,  Tomarow he return back to India. he living in Kannur Kerala,   Sir,   where will get good treatment .Kindly give the good guidence and and pls give the Dr.'s phone number or address.<>Hi thanks for contacting HCM.Usually 90 to 95 % acute infection of hepatitis b recover with the time.If HBSag positive after 6 month then chance you of  chronic carrier or chronic hepatitis.In Kerala you can contact nearby gastroenterologist for further guidence.Meanwhile take low fat diet.Junk food , butter, baked pestry , meat avoided.Fruits more.Avoid alcohol.Udiliv tablet can taken.One tsp cumin seed with water taken.If you have chronic infection with active stage then antiviral drug also can be  given...Hope your concern solved.Dr.Parth<>I'm sorry, but I am not able to provide specific medical recommendations or provide contact information for healthcare providers. It is important for your brother to seek medical care from a qualified healthcare professional as soon as possible to determine the most appropriate treatment for his hepatitis B infection.\n\nHepatitis B is a viral infection that affects the liver. It can be acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term). Acute hepatitis B can often resolve on its own, but chronic hepatitis B requires medical treatment to prevent liver damage. The treatment for hepatitis B depends on the severity of the infection and the individual's overall health.\n\nTreatment options for chronic hepatitis B may include antiviral medications to suppress the virus and prevent further liver damage, as well as regular monitoring by a healthcare provider to check for liver function and any potential complications. In some cases, liver transplantation may be necessary if the liver is severely damaged.\n\nIt is important for your brother to follow the treatment recommendations of his healthcare provider and to attend all follow-up appointments as directed. It is also important for him to adopt a healthy lifestyle, including avoiding alcohol and practicing safe sex to prevent the spread of the infection to others.\n\nIt is advisable for your brother to consult a healthcare provider or a specialist in liver diseases (hepatologist) for proper evaluation and management of his hepatitis B infection. The healthcare provider may be able to recommend a suitable treatment plan and provide guidance on how to manage the infection.<>medicine