What should I be aware of when renting a home to a corporation instead of an individual?<>This is business as usual, except that you need to keep in mind that the corporate entity is separate from the individual. As such - all the background checks and references should be with regards to the actual renter - the corporation. You should be cautious as it is not so easy to dissolve an individual (well... Not as easy, and certainly not as legal), as it is to dissolve the corporation. So you may end up with a tenant who doesn't pay and doesn't have to pay because the actual renter, the corporation, no longer exists. So check the corporation background - age, credit worthiness, tax returns\/business activity, judgements against, etc etc, as you would do for an individual.<>There are a few key things you should be aware of when renting a home to a corporation instead of an individual:Different lease terms: When renting to a corporation, you may want to consider longer lease terms, as businesses typically prefer to commit to longer rental periods.Different insurance requirements: Corporations may have different insurance requirements than individuals. Be sure to discuss this with the company and make sure they have the necessary coverage in place.Different liability issues: When renting to a corporation, you may be dealing with different liability issues than when renting to an individual. For example, if someone is injured on the property while conducting business, the company may be held responsible rather than the individual tenant. Make sure you understand the liability implications of renting to a corporation.Different tax implications: Renting to a corporation may have different tax implications for you as the landlord. Be sure to consult with a tax professional or your accountant to understand how renting to a corporation will affect your taxes.Different credit and background checks: When renting to a corporation, you may need to do a credit and background check on the company rather than on an individual tenant. Make sure you understand what information you need to gather and how to go about checking the company's credit and background.<>finance