How do video game mods work ? With so many awesome and crazy mods out there , how are they created and able to be in - game ? Please explain like I'm five.<>The biggest games for modding are open world games like GTA and Fallout \/ Skyrim . For major mods , like an entire new campaign , the game was built in a way that they could release DLCs that add more already , so the mod just takes advantage of that . Visual mods simply replace the model or texture , so when it calls for them , something else comes . When it mods how fast you are , or how high you jump , there 's already coding that dictates those functions in the engine . Since the engine is built to be used in multiple games , most attributes are controlled by a settings file that can easily be found , opened in notepad , and you just change the numbers , which changes the attributes<>Modifications, or \"mods\" for short, are a way for people to customize and change the way a video game looks or plays. To create a mod, a person needs to have some technical knowledge and be able to use tools to edit the game's files.Here's a simple explanation of how mods work:First, a person needs to have a copy of the game they want to mod.Next, they need to use special tools to open up and access the game's files. These tools can be software programs that are specifically designed for modding, or they can be more general-purpose tools like text editors or image editors.Once the person has access to the game's files, they can start making changes. This could be anything from adding new characters or weapons to changing the way the game looks or plays.Once the person has finished making their changes, they need to save the modified files and then test the mod to make sure it works properly in the game.If the mod works well, the person can then share it with others by uploading it to a website or forum where other people can download and install it.To use a mod, a person simply needs to download it and then follow the instructions for installing it in their game. Once the mod is installed, the person can then play the game with the new features or changes that the mod adds.I hope that helps to explain how mods work! Let me know if you have any other questions.<>reddit_eli5