Q. My 4 month baby has not passed stools. Please help.Hi doctor,My baby is 4 months old and is vomiting in between while having breast milk. His belly is not much hard, but there is more swelling when compared to the breastfeeding days. He has been switched to formula feed from Sunday night and till now he has not passed stools. I am worried about this. Please suggest anything natural. Thank you.<>Hi. It is common to have a decrease in stool frequency or constipation after switching from breast milk to formula feed. As long as your child is feeding well, passing gas from below, has no vomiting and has a soft belly, there is nothing to worry about. It is normal to pass stool once every 2-3 days. Also, you may noticea change in stool color (green) after switching to formula feed. In this scenario, you can try using a cotton Q-tip (cotton swab). Apply some lubrication on it and stimulate the rectal area to see if your child passes stool. If this does not help, then try seeing your local pediatrician who can help with rectal stimulation and passage of his stool.<>I'm sorry, but as an AI language model, I am not able to diagnose medical conditions or provide treatment recommendations. It is important to consult with a healthcare provider if you have concerns about your baby's health.\n\nBabies can sometimes have difficulty with bowel movements, especially if they are constipated. Constipation in infants can be caused by a variety of factors, including a change in diet, dehydration, or a lack of physical activity. It is important to make sure your baby is getting enough fluids and is receiving adequate nutrition.\n\nIf you are concerned about your baby's bowel movements or vomiting, I recommend contacting your healthcare provider for further evaluation and guidance. They will be able to assess your baby's symptoms and determine the best course of action. In the meantime, you can try gently massaging your baby's abdomen to help stimulate bowel movements, and make sure they are getting enough fluids.\n\nI hope this information is helpful. Please remember to seek medical advice from a qualified healthcare professional if you have any concerns about your baby's health.<>medicine