What is the purpose of property tax?<>Property taxes are levied by the local authorities to pay for their services. Since the services are continuous - so are the charges. You need someone to pave a road to your house, to build infrastructure, to maintain the police force, fire department, local schools etc. That's what your property taxes are going to. However, at times the property taxes become more than what the owners have actually paid for the house. Think of a house bought in the midst of a recession at a bargain price of $20K, but at the top of the market bubble costs $2M. The poor guy who bought it for $20K should pay as if he had ever had $2M?   It can certainly be the case that the property taxes change drastically over the years and sometimes people have to give up their property because they cannot afford the taxes. That is exactly the thought that had led Californians to amend the Constitution in Prop 13.<>Property tax is a tax that is levied on the ownership of real estate. The purpose of property tax is to generate revenue for local governments, such as cities, counties, and school districts. The money raised through property tax is used to fund a variety of public services, such as schools, police and fire protection, roads and infrastructure, and other public services.Property tax is generally based on the value of the property, with higher-valued properties typically paying higher property tax. The property tax rate is typically set by the local government and is applied to the value of the property. Property tax is typically assessed and collected on an annual basis.In some cases, property tax may be used as a tool to encourage or discourage certain types of development or land use. For example, a local government may set a lower property tax rate for properties that are used for certain types of development, such as affordable housing or commercial development, in order to encourage those types of development in the community.","Property tax is a tax that is levied on the value of a piece of real estate, such as a house or commercial building. The purpose of property tax is to fund various local government services, such as schools, police and fire departments, and road maintenance. Property tax is typically based on the value of the property, which is determined by an assessor working for the local government. The owner of the property is responsible for paying the property tax, which is typically paid on an annual basis. In some cases, the property tax may be used to pay for certain special projects or initiatives that benefit the community.<>finance