What is so special about the Mona Lisa ? Ok , sure it was painted by Da Vinci but apart from that what distinguishes it from the thousands of other amazing works of art over centuries ? Explain like I'm five.<>So during the Renaissance , you have these two fast growing movements ; humanism and neo - platanism . For hundreds of years before Leonardo , most if not all of the art is religiously based or derives it 's subject matter from religion . Humanism is the opposite of that in that it is the focus of human values and human traits and human power . About 1500 - 2000 years prior to Leo , there was the Greek classical period with ripped and idealized gods in marble and bronze sculptures . Neo - platanism is the revival of the classical ideals . The two pieces of art that we typically use to \" define \" the Renaissance are Mona and Michelangelo 's David . Mona represents humanism with the sfumato , or smokiness , of her lines and coloring , and David is a representation of neo - platanism , with his chiseled ( pun ) torso and smooth shift in weight . Also her hands are pretty TL;DR : humans+classics are represented by Mona and David<>The Mona Lisa is a famous painting that was created by a famous artist named Leonardo da Vinci. It is considered special because it is a very old painting that has been around for many centuries and has been admired by millions of people. The Mona Lisa is also considered special because it is a very well-made painting. Da Vinci was a very talented artist who was skilled at creating paintings that looked very lifelike and realistic. One thing that makes the Mona Lisa different from many other paintings is the way that Da Vinci painted the woman in the picture. She is shown with a slight smile on her face, and her expression is very mysterious and hard to read. This has made people wonder for centuries about what she might be thinking or feeling. Another thing that makes the Mona Lisa special is the way that it has been preserved over the years. The painting is very old, but it has been carefully taken care of and protected so that it looks almost as good as it did when it was first painted. This has helped to make the Mona Lisa one of the most famous and beloved paintings in the world.<>reddit_eli5