1099-MISC vs K-1 — duplicated numbers?<>Well, you won't be double taxed based on what you described. Partners are taxed on income, typically distributions. Your gain in the partnership is not income. However, you were essentially given some money which you elected to invest in the partnership, so you need to pay tax on that money. The question becomes, are you being double taxed in another way? Your question doesn't explain how you invested, but pretty much the options are either a payroll deduction (some amount taken out of X paychecks or a bonus) or some other payment to you that was not treated as a payroll deduction. Given that you got a 1099, that suggests the latter. However, if the money was taken out as a payroll deduction - you've already paid taxes (via your W2)! So, I'd double check on that. Regarding why the numbers don't exactly match up - Your shares in the partnership likely transacted before the partnership valuation. Let's illustrate with an example. Say the partnership is currently worth $1000 with 100 outstanding shares. You put up $1000 and get 100 shares. Partnership is now worth $2000 with 200 outstanding shares. However, after a good year for the firm, it's valuation sets the firm's worth at $3000. Your gain is $1500 not $1000. You can also see if what happened was the firm's valuation went down, your gain would be less than your initial investment. If instead your shares transacted immediately after the valuation, then your gain and your cost to acquire the shares would be the same. So again, I'd suggest double checking on this - if your shares transacted after the valuation, there needs to be an explanation for the difference in your gain. For reference: http:\/\/smallbusiness.findlaw.com\/incorporation-and-legal-structures\/partnership-taxes.html And https:\/\/www.irs.gov\/publications\/p541\/ar02.html Here you learn the purpose of the gain boxes on your K1 - tracking your capital basis should the partnership sell. Essentially, when the partnership is sold, you as a partner get some money. That money is then taxed. How much you pay will depend on what you received versus what the company was worth and whether your gain was long term or short term. This link doesn't go into that detail, but should give you a thread to pull. I'd also suggest reading more about partnerships and K1 and not just the IRS publications. Don't get me wrong, they're a good source of information, just also dense and sometimes tough to understand. Good luck and congrats.<>A 1099-MISC form is a tax form used to report income that is not salary or wages, such as self-employment income, rental income, or income from a partnership. It is issued by the payer to the recipient, and both the payer and the recipient are required to report the income on their tax returns.A K-1 form, on the other hand, is a tax form used to report a person's share of income, deductions, credits, and other items from a partnership or S corporation. Like the 1099-MISC, it is issued by the payer and must be reported on the recipient's tax return.It is possible for the same income to be reported on both a 1099-MISC and a K-1 form, depending on the nature of the income and the entity that is paying it. For example, if you are a self-employed individual who is also a member of a partnership, you may receive a 1099-MISC for your self-employment income and a K-1 form for your share of the partnership's income. In this case, the income reported on the two forms may be the same or similar, but the forms serve different purposes and are used for different types of income.It is important to carefully review both forms and ensure that the income is properly reported on your tax return. If you have any questions about how to report the income or which form to use, you should consult with a tax professional or refer to the IRS instructions for the relevant forms.<>finance