How can alcohol withdrawal or detox kill you ? Edit : I ’m not an alcoholic , I just could n’t find concrete answers anywhere . 😊 Explain like I'm five. <>Alcohol activates a receptor in the brain to tell it to be sleepy and drunk . In long term use , the brain does n’t want to be sleepy and drunk all the time , so it does three things to maintain a normal awake \/ alert state : 1 . Gets rid of some of the receptors that alcohol acts on 2 . Gets rid of some of the normal brain chemical that says “ be sleepy \/ sedate ” at normal times . 3 . Increases the normal brain chemical that says “ be awake and alert and active ” When you stop drinking , you now have fewer receptors for chemicals saying “ be sleepy ” and also less chemicals saying “ be sleepy ” and also more chemicals saying “ be alert and active . ” The result ? Seizures . Lots and lots of seizures . Which are basically just too much brain activity . Which use up the sugar and energy in the brain and produce poisonous waste products in amounts too high for the body to get rid of it .<>When people drink alcohol regularly, their bodies become accustomed to the presence of alcohol and they may develop physical dependence on it. This means that their bodies need alcohol in order to function normally, and if they stop drinking suddenly, they may experience withdrawal symptoms.\\n\\nAlcohol withdrawal can range from mild to severe, and in severe cases it can be life-threatening. Severe alcohol withdrawal is also known as delirium tremens (DTs). DTs can cause a person to have dangerous changes in their body such as high blood pressure, rapid heartbeat, and fever. DTs can also cause hallucinations, seizures, and confusion. These symptoms can be very distressing and potentially dangerous for the person experiencing them.\\n\\nIn severe cases, alcohol withdrawal can be deadly if it is not treated promptly and properly. That's why it's important for people who are dependent on alcohol to seek medical help when they stop drinking. A medical professional can provide treatment and support to help manage withdrawal symptoms and ensure the person's safety during the detox process.\\n<>reddit_eli5