What causes sore patches around tooth?What started out as gum pain a week ago is now turned into little sore patches around one tooth in particular. The tooth itself doesn't hurt, just the gums. No food is stuck. I've done an antiseptic rinse on some tiny open spots and now there's white jelly-like skin that grew over some spots. Is this normal?<>Hello,Thanks for consulting HCMRead your query as you feel sore gum around one tooth this can be due to some reason like inflammation of gingiva due to gingivitis , periodontal problem causing pocket formation causing localized periodontitis or due to formation of gingival or periodonatal abscess . For this I will advise you to consult oral surgeon for examination of gum and investigations iopa xray to rule out the cause . Inmeantime I will suggest to do these remedies like do warm saline rinaes 2 -3 times a day , you can apply gum paint like stolin on inflamed gum , maintain proper oral hygiene , use mouthwash chlorhexidine regularly .Hope this will help you.<>There are several possible causes for sore patches around a tooth. It's possible that you have an infection in the gums, which could be caused by bacteria from plaque or food particles that have accumulated around the tooth. Gum infections can also be caused by gum disease, which is a condition that occurs when bacteria in the mouth attack the gums and the tissues that support the teeth. Other possible causes of sore patches around a tooth include a dental abscess, which is a pocket of pus that forms around the tooth, and a canker sore, which is a small, painful sore that appears on the inside of the mouth.\n\nThe white, jelly-like skin that you describe may be a sign of healing. It's possible that the antiseptic rinse you used helped to kill bacteria and promote healing. However, it's important to keep in mind that self-treatment is not always effective, and it's always a good idea to consult a dentist or a healthcare professional if you have concerns about your oral health. They will be able to diagnose the cause of your sore patches and recommend the appropriate treatment.<>medicine