How to decide on limits when purchasing\/selling stocks?<>You said your strategy was to put it into a index fund.  But then you asked about setting  stock limits.   I'm confused. Funds usually trade at their price at the end of the day, so you shouldn't try to time this at all. Just place your order. If you are buying ETFs, there is going to be so much volume on the market that your small trade is going to have no impact on the price. You should just place a market order. A market order is an order to buy or   sell a stock at the current market   price. A limit order is an order to buy or   sell a security at a specific price. In the US, when you place a trade with any broker, you can either place a limit order or a market order.  A market order just fills your order with the next best sellers in line.  If you place an order for 100 shares, the sellers willing to sell 100 shares at the lowest price will be matched with your order (sometimes you may get 50 shares at one price and 50 shares at a slightly different price).    If your stock has a lot of volatility and you place a market order for a small amount of shares,  you will get the best price. If you place a limit order, you specify the price at which you want to buy shares.  Your order will then only be filled with sellers willing to sell at that price or lower (i.e. they must be at least as good as you specified).  This means you could place an order at a limit that does not get filled (the stock could move in a direction away from your limit price).  If you really want to own the stock, you shouldn't use a limit order.  You shouldn't only use a limit order if you want to tell your broker \"I will only buy this stock at this price or better.\"  p.s. Every day that passes is NOT a waste.  It's just a day that you've decided investing in cash is safer than investing in the market.<>There are a few different factors that you might consider when deciding on limits for purchasing or selling stocks. Here are a few things to consider:Financial goals: What are your financial goals for the stock? Are you looking to hold it for the long term, or are you looking to sell it for a quick profit? This can help you decide on the appropriate time frame for placing your limits.Risk tolerance: How much risk are you willing to take on with your investments? This can help you decide on the level of price fluctuation that you are comfortable with, which can in turn influence the limits you set.Market conditions: What is the current market like? If the market is volatile, you may want to set tighter limits to protect against large price fluctuations. If the market is more stable, you may be able to set looser limits.Personal financial situation: What is your personal financial situation like? Do you have the financial resources to handle large price movements, or do you need to be more conservative with your limits to protect your assets?Ultimately, the limits you set will depend on your individual financial goals, risk tolerance, and personal financial situation. It's important to carefully consider these factors and to do your own research before making any investment decisions.<>finance