Please explain what is \"Radar imaging\"<>Imaging radar is an application of radar which is used to create two-dimensional images, typically of landscapes. Imaging radar provides its light to illuminate an area on the ground and take a picture at radio wavelengths. It uses an antenna and digital computer storage to record its images. In a radar image, one can see only the energy that was reflected back towards the radar antenna. The radar moves along a flight path and the area illuminated by the radar, or footprint, is moved along the surface in a swath, building the image as it does so.\nDigital radar images are composed of many dots.  Each pixel in the radar image represents the radar backscatter for that area on the ground: brighter areas represent high backscatter, darker areas represents low backscatter.\nThe traditional application of radar is to display the position and motion of typically highly reflective objects (such as aircraft or ships) by sending out a radiowave signal, and then detecting the direction and delay of the reflected signal. Imaging radar on the other hand attempts to form an image of one object (e.g. a landscape) by furthermore registering the intensity of the reflected signal to determine the amount of scattering (cf. Light scattering). The registered electromagnetic scattering is then mapped onto a two-dimensional plane, with points with a higher reflectivity getting assigned usually a brighter color, thus creating an image.\nSeveral techniques have evolved to do this. Generally they take advantage of the Doppler effect caused by the rotation or other motion of the object and by the changing view of the object brought about by the relative motion between the object and the back-scatter that is perceived by the radar of the object (typically, a plane) flying over the earth. Through recent improvements of the techniques, radar imaging is getting more accurate. Imaging radar has been used to map the Earth, other planets, asteroids, other celestial objects and to categorize targets for military systems.<>Radar imaging is a technique used to create images or maps of objects or surfaces using radar. Radar is a type of technology that uses radio waves to detect and track objects, measure distances, and determine speed. It operates by emitting a radio frequency (RF) signal and measuring the reflected energy that returns to the radar antenna.\n\n\n\nIn radar imaging, the radar antenna sends out a pulse of RF energy and measures the reflection of the pulse off the object or surface being imaged. The strength and timing of the reflection is used to determine the distance, size, and shape of the object. By repeating this process multiple times and collecting data from different angles, a radar system can create an image or map of the object or surface.\n\n\n\nRadar imaging has a number of applications, including remote sensing, weather forecasting, aviation, and military surveillance. It is particularly useful for imaging objects or surfaces that are difficult to see or access, such as those that are buried underground, hidden behind buildings or vegetation, or located in remote or hazardous locations.<>wiki_csai