Can intake of yasmin cause side effects like thrush\/yeast infection?hello ever since I started taking yasmin the contraceptive pill (3months) ive had thrush\/yeast infection. Ive never suffered with it before. I have also given it to my boyfriend and his penis is red and sore. im using canestan cream however there doesnt seem to be progress could this be because im taking yasmin?<>Hi, Yes, the birth control pill 'yasmin' can cause thrush\/yeast infection. Yasmin is a combined oral contraceptive pill that contains two different hormones viz. estrogen and progesterone. Taking these pills can cause hormonal balance which helps the yeast to grow. It is believed that the estrogen in birth control pills can cause the vagina to produce more sugars. These sugars feed the yeast already living in the vagina causing overgrowth and thus infection (vaginal thrush or candidiasis). It is a similar effect to that seen in pregnancy when estrogen levels rise naturally. If the infection bothers you too much you could be switched to a different kind of contraceptive pill with a stronger progesterone component and a weaker estrogen component or consider going on the mini-pill which only contains progesterone. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Regards,Dr. Mohammed Taher Ali, General & Family Physician<>It is possible that the use of Yasmin (ethinyl estradiol and drospirenone) may contribute to the development of thrush or a yeast infection. Hormonal contraceptives, including oral contraceptives like Yasmin, can alter the normal balance of bacteria in the vagina, which can lead to an overgrowth of Candida, a type of fungus that can cause thrush or a yeast infection.\n\nIf you are experiencing symptoms of thrush or a yeast infection and you have recently started taking Yasmin, it is important to speak with your healthcare provider. They can help determine whether the medication may be contributing to your symptoms and provide you with appropriate treatment. In the meantime, it is important to follow your healthcare provider's instructions for using any prescribed treatment, such as Canestan cream, and to practice good hygiene to help prevent the spread of the infection.<>medicine