Please explain what is \"Infrared light\"<>Infrared (IR), sometimes called infrared light, is electromagnetic radiation (EMR) with wavelengths longer than those of visible light. It is therefore invisible to the human eye. IR is generally understood to encompass wavelengths from around 1 millimeter (300 GHz) to the nominal red edge of the visible spectrum, around 700 nanometers (430 THz).[verification needed] Longer IR wavelengths (30 μm-100 μm) are sometimes included as part of the terahertz radiation range. Almost all black-body radiation from objects near room temperature is at infrared wavelengths. As a form of electromagnetic radiation, IR propagates energy and momentum, exerts radiation pressure, and has properties corresponding to both those of a wave and of a particle, the photon.\nIt was long known that fires emit invisible heat; in 1681 the pioneering experimenter Edme Mariotte showed that glass, though transparent to sunlight, obstructed radiant heat. In 1800 the astronomer Sir William Herschel discovered that infrared radiation is a type of invisible radiation in the spectrum lower in energy than red light, by means of its effect on a thermometer. Slightly more than half of the energy from the Sun was eventually found, through Herschel's studies, to arrive on Earth in the form of infrared. The balance between absorbed and emitted infrared radiation has an important effect on Earth's climate.\nInfrared radiation is emitted or absorbed by molecules when changing rotational-vibrational movements. It excites vibrational modes in a molecule through a change in the dipole moment, making it a useful frequency range for study of these energy states for molecules of the proper symmetry. Infrared spectroscopy examines absorption and transmission of photons in the infrared range.\nInfrared radiation is used in industrial, scientific, military, commercial, and medical applications. Night-vision devices using active near-infrared illumination allow people or animals to be observed without the observer being detected. Infrared astronomy uses sensor-equipped telescopes to penetrate dusty regions of space such as molecular clouds, to detect objects such as planets, and to view highly red-shifted objects from the early days of the universe. Infrared thermal-imaging cameras are used to detect heat loss in insulated systems, to observe changing blood flow in the skin, and to detect the overheating of electrical components.\nMilitary and civilian applications include target acquisition, surveillance, night vision, homing, and tracking. Humans at normal body temperature radiate chiefly at wavelengths around 10 μm (micrometers). Non-military uses include thermal efficiency analysis, environmental monitoring, industrial facility inspections, detection of grow-ops, remote temperature sensing, short-range wireless communication, spectroscopy, and weather forecasting.<>Infrared light is a type of electromagnetic radiation that has a longer wavelength and lower frequency than visible light. It is not visible to the human eye, but it can be detected by some animals, such as snakes and insects, as well as by special sensors called infrared detectors.\n\n\n\nInfrared light is divided into three main categories: near-infrared, mid-infrared, and far-infrared. Near-infrared has the shortest wavelengths and is the closest to visible light, while far-infrared has the longest wavelengths and the lowest frequency.\n\n\n\nInfrared light has a number of practical applications, including:\n\n\n\nHeating: Far-infrared light can be used to generate heat, and is used in some types of heating lamps and saunas.\n\nCommunication: Infrared light is used in some types of communication, such as TV remote controls and certain types of wireless networking.\n\nNight vision: Infrared light can be used to enhance night vision, and is used in some types of night-vision goggles and cameras.\n\nMedical therapy: Infrared light is used in some types of medical therapy, such as to stimulate blood flow and reduce inflammation.\n\nInfrared light is also used in a variety of scientific and industrial applications, including spectroscopy, astronomy, and quality control.<>wiki_csai