Suggest treatment for kidney stones and fat filtration in liverDear doctor ,during the sonography, the doctor found kidney stone in both kidney as well as fat filtration in liver frade 1,how can i came over from this problem , i was suffer last one month, doctor perscribed me, two tab of livfit and sobolime syrup<>Hi,Thanks for writing in.Fatty liver can be due to increased fat consumption, alcohol intake and also a normal occurrence in some people who are over weight or have a family history. It is important to know your blood cholesterol levels and I suggest you get Lipid profile test done and discuss the report with your doctor. The lipid profile test result will tell the cholesterol levels in your blood and the risk of heart disease. You should have low oil diet and make a fitness plan.For kidney stones it is important to know the size of stones and if they are causing obstruction. You can send in your report for a detailed discussion. Alternatively you can consult an urologist. You should drink lots of water and fluids and pass urine frequently.<>Kidney stones and fat filtration in the liver are two different conditions that may require different types of treatment. It is important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your healthcare provider, as they are familiar with your specific medical history and the specifics of your condition.\n\nTreatment for kidney stones may involve medications to help pass the stones, as well as lifestyle changes such as increasing fluid intake, following a low-salt diet, and avoiding foods that are high in oxalates. In some cases, surgery may be necessary to remove the stones.\n\nTreatment for fat filtration in the liver (also known as fatty liver) may include lifestyle changes such as losing weight, following a healthy diet, and exercising regularly. In severe cases, medication or surgery may be necessary.\n\nIt is important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your healthcare provider and to attend follow-up appointments as recommended. If you have concerns about your treatment or are experiencing any side effects, be sure to discuss them with your healthcare provider.<>medicine