How can a Canadian establish US credit score<>set up a US company (WY is cheap and easy), go south and open a personal and business bank account, ask for the itin form. file for the itin. set up your EIN for the company. get a credit card for both. pay some mail forwarding service with it. file for taxes in the next year using your itin. prepaid cards do not link to your tax id<>Establishing a credit score in the United States as a Canadian can be a bit more difficult than if you were a resident of the United States, but it is possible. Here are some steps you can take to establish a credit score in the United States:Get a social security number: In order to establish credit in the United States, you will need a social security number. You can apply for a social security number at the Social Security Administration office or online.Open a credit card account: One of the easiest ways to establish credit in the United States is to open a credit card account. There are many credit card companies that offer cards to international applicants, so you should be able to find a card that you can qualify for.Use the credit card responsibly: Once you have a credit card, it is important to use it responsibly. This means paying your bills on time and keeping your balances low.Use your Canadian credit history: If you have a good credit history in Canada, you may be able to use that to help establish credit in the United States. Some lenders will consider your Canadian credit history when deciding whether to grant you a loan or credit card.Consider a secured credit card: If you have no credit history or a limited credit history, you may want to consider a secured credit card. A secured credit card requires a deposit, which becomes your credit limit. As you use the card and make timely payments, you can build up your credit score.By following these steps and being patient, you should be able to establish a credit score in the United States. It may take some time, but by using credit responsibly and paying your bills on time, you can build a strong credit score that will be beneficial in the long run.<>finance