Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency?<>As mentioned in several other answers, the main reason for high rates is to maximize profit. However, here is another, smaller effect: The typical flow of getting money from an ATM: Suppose you have a minute to consider the offer, then in that time the currency may drop or rise (which you can see from an external source of information). Therefore this opens a window for abuse. For real major currencies these huge switches are rare, but they do happen. And when 1 or 2 minor currencies are involved these switches are more common. Just looking at a random pair for today (Botswana Pula to Haitian Gourde) I immediately spotted a moment where the exchange rate jumped by more than 2 %. This may not be the best example, but it shows why a large margin is desirable. Note that this argument only holds for when the customer knows in advance what the exchange rate would be, for cases where it is calculated afterwards I have not found any valid excuse for such large margins (except that it allows them to offer other services at a lower price because these transaction).<>Financial institutions, including banks and foreign exchange providers, typically charge a fee for currency conversion services. These fees can be quite high, especially for smaller transactions, and can seem unfair to consumers.There are several reasons why financial institutions charge fees for currency conversion:Cost of operations: Providing currency conversion services requires financial institutions to maintain systems, infrastructure, and personnel to facilitate the exchange of currencies. These costs are passed on to consumers in the form of fees.Market forces: The exchange rate for a particular currency is determined by supply and demand in the global foreign exchange market. Financial institutions typically buy currencies at a wholesale rate and sell them to consumers at a higher rate, which includes a markup to cover the costs of providing the service as well as to make a profit.Competition: Financial institutions may also charge higher fees for currency conversion in order to remain competitive with other providers.It's important to note that there can be significant differences in the fees charged by different financial institutions for currency conversion services. Consumers can shop around to find the best rate and lowest fees for their specific needs.<>finance