Please explain what is \"Biological neuron model\"<>Biological neuron models, also known as a spiking neuron models,  are mathematical descriptions of the properties of certain cells in the nervous system that generate sharp electrical potentials across their cell membrane, roughly one millisecond in duration, called action potentials or spikes (Fig. 2).   Since spikes are transmitted along the axon and synapses from the sending neuron to many other neurons, spiking neurons are considered to be a major information processing unit of the nervous system. Spiking neuron models can be divided into different categories:  the most detailed mathematical models are biophysical neuron models (also called Hodgkin-Huxley models) that describe the membrane voltage as a function of the input current and the activation of ion channels. Mathematically simpler are integrate-and-fire models that describe the membrane voltage as a function of the input current and predict the spike times without a description of the biophysical processes that shape the time course of an action potential. Even more abstract models only predict output spikes (but not membrane voltage) as a function of the stimulation where the stimulation can occur through sensory input or pharmacologically. This article provides a short overview of different spiking neuron models and links, whenever possible to experimental phenomena. It includes deterministic and probabilistic models.<>A biological neuron model is a mathematical or computational representation of the structure and function of a neuron, a type of cell found in the nervous system of animals. Neurons are the basic units of the nervous system and play a key role in transmitting and processing information. They receive input from other cells, integrate that input, and generate output in the form of electrical and chemical signals.\n\n\n\nThere are many different ways to model the behavior of a neuron, ranging from simple linear models to more complex nonlinear models. These models can be used to simulate the behavior of neurons under different conditions, such as in response to various stimuli or in different stages of development. They can also be used to understand how neurons interact with each other and how they contribute to the overall function of the nervous system.\n\n\n\nBiological neuron models can be used in a variety of applications, including understanding the underlying mechanisms of neurological disorders, developing new therapies for these disorders, and creating artificial neural networks for use in machine learning and artificial intelligence.<>wiki_csai