George Bush 's 90 % post-9\/11 approval rating . Seems crazy to me , studying that period now . How did he win the approval of a majority of even Democrats ? By just merely holding the office ? Please explain like I'm five.<>As an adult at the time who was generally opposed to GWB 's policies , I was actually impressed with what seemed to be his response in the weeks after 9 - 11 . I fully expected him to immediately respond in full force against who immediately seemed to be the antagonists . Instead , he refrained from casting blame and seemed to be trying to come up with a reasoned response . Looking at it after the fact , I do n't think that 's what was going on . But at the time , it seemed like he was being thoughtful about what the US should do , and I think it surprised and impressed his political opposition . It was only significantly later that he went all crazy and started blaming people who were clearly not involved . There 's obviously the rally - round - the - flag stuff , too , which is probably more significant to the total . But I was before and am now very opposed to his policies , but at the time , I was impressed with the way he seemed to be handling it . And that may be important as to the amazingly high approval ratings at the time .<>George W. Bush, the 43rd President of the United States, saw his approval ratings rise significantly in the aftermath of the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks. It is not uncommon for the President's approval ratings to increase during a national crisis, as Americans tend to rally around the leader of their country in times of emergency. In this particular case, President Bush was widely perceived as having handled the situation effectively, and many Americans may have felt a sense of patriotism and national pride in the wake of the attacks. It is also possible that some Democrats, as well as members of other political parties, were willing to set aside their differences and support the President during this difficult time.<>reddit_eli5