Suggest remedy for low grade fever, hot and cold sweats with rashes on armsMy temp is 96.5,body aches,pain,abdomen tender,headache,tired and lazy,bla sick feeling not myself please help i know my body and no one will listen hody hasnt been quite right since bad iud infection in october also cold durin day sweat at night,rash on arm,cuts dont heal easy oh the pain i beg u please help<>Hi Dear,Welcome to Healthcaremagic Team.Understanding your concern. As per your query you have symptoms of low grade fever, hot and cold sweats with rashes on arms which seems to be due to viral infection.  Symptoms are because your immunity is lower down because of infection. I would suggest you to start with intake of paracetamol to prevent fever and combination of decongestants and multivitamin tablet. Avoid taking outside food. Drink plenty of fluids.  Your symptoms will resolve in 5-7 days. Avoid touching eyes, nose again and again. If your symptoms keeps on persisting the visit physician and get vaccination done.Hope your concern has been resolved.Get Well Soon.Best Wishes,Dr. Harry Maheshwari<>I'm sorry to hear that you're feeling sick. It sounds like you may be experiencing some symptoms of an illness or infection. It's important to consult with a healthcare professional to determine the cause of your symptoms and receive proper treatment. In the meantime, there are some things you can try to help alleviate your symptoms:\n\nGet plenty of rest: Try to get as much rest as possible to allow your body to heal and recover.\n\nStay hydrated: Drink plenty of fluids, such as water and electrolyte-rich beverages, to help prevent dehydration.\n\nTake over-the-counter pain medications: Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as acetaminophen (Tylenol) or ibuprofen (Advil) can help reduce fever and body aches.\n\nUse a fever-reducing medication: If your fever is high, you may benefit from taking a fever-reducing medication such as acetaminophen or ibuprofen.\n\nUse a humidifier: A humidifier can help to add moisture to the air, which can help to alleviate cold sweats and reduce the severity of your symptoms.\n\nAvoid exposure to extreme temperatures: Try to stay in a comfortable, temperate environment to avoid exacerbating your symptoms.\n\nIt's important to remember that these measures are only meant to provide temporary relief and that it's important to seek medical attention if your symptoms persist or worsen. If you're concerned about your health, it's important to speak with a healthcare professional as soon as possible.<>medicine