when did dr.carter g woodson die<>Carter Godwin Woodson (December 19, 1875April 3, 1950) was an African-American historian , author , journalist and the founder of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History .<>Dr. Carter G. Woodson died on April 3, 1950. He was an African American historian, author, and journalist who is known as the \"Father of Black History.\" He was born in 1875 and dedicated his life to researching, writing, and promoting the study of African American history and culture. He founded the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now known as the Association for the Study of African American Life and History (ASALH), and he created Negro History Week, which later became Black History Month.","Dr. Carter G. Woodson died on April 3, 1950. He was an African American historian, author, and journalist who is known as the \"Father of Black History.\" Woodson was born in 1875 and was the son of former slaves. He dedicated his life to promoting and preserving the history and culture of African Americans, and he is credited with establishing Black History Month, which is celebrated in the United States each February. Woodson's work has had a lasting impact on the way African American history is studied and understood.","Dr. Carter G. Woodson died on April 3, 1950. He was an African American historian, author, and journalist who is considered the \"Father of Black History.\" Woodson was born in 1875 in New Canton, Virginia, and spent his career advocating for the recognition and study of the contributions of African Americans to history and culture. He founded the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History (ASNLH), which later became the Association for the Study of African American Life and History (ASALH), and he established Negro History Week, which later became Black History Month. Woodson's work helped to bring greater awareness and understanding of the rich history and cultural heritage of African Americans, and his legacy continues to be honored and celebrated today.<>open_qa