Please explain what is \"Simulated annealing\"<>Simulated annealing (SA) is a probabilistic technique for approximating the global optimum of a given function. Specifically, it is a metaheuristic to approximate global optimization in a large search space for an optimization problem. It is often used when the search space is discrete (for example the traveling salesman problem, the boolean satisfiability problem, protein structure prediction, and job-shop scheduling). For problems where finding an approximate global optimum is more important than finding a precise local optimum in a fixed amount of time, simulated annealing may be preferable to exact algorithms such as gradient descent or branch and bound.\nThe name of the algorithm comes from annealing in metallurgy, a technique involving heating and controlled cooling of a material to alter its physical properties. Both are attributes of the material that depend on their thermodynamic free energy. Heating and cooling the material affects both the temperature and the thermodynamic free energy or Gibbs energy.\nSimulated annealing can be used for very hard computational optimization problems where exact algorithms fail; even though it usually achieves an approximate solution to the global minimum, it could be enough for many practical problems.\nThe problems solved by SA are currently formulated by an objective function of many variables, subject to several constraints. In practice, the constraint can be penalized as part of the objective function.\nSimilar techniques have been independently introduced on several occasions, including Pincus (1970), Khachaturyan et al (1979, 1981), Kirkpatrick, Gelatt and Vecchi (1983), and Cerny (1985). In 1983, this approach was used by Kirkpatrick, Gelatt Jr., Vecchi, for a solution of the traveling salesman problem. They also proposed its current name, simulated annealing.\nThis notion of slow cooling implemented in the simulated annealing algorithm is interpreted as a slow decrease in the probability of accepting worse solutions as the solution space is explored. Accepting worse solutions allows for a more extensive search for the global optimal solution. In general, simulated annealing algorithms work as follows. The temperature progressively decreases from an initial positive value to zero. At each time step, the algorithm randomly selects a solution close to the current one, measures its quality, and moves to it according to the temperature-dependent probabilities of selecting better or worse solutions, which during the search respectively remain at 1 (or positive) and decrease toward zero.\nThe simulation can be performed either by a solution of kinetic equations for density functions or by using the stochastic sampling method. The method is an adaptation of the Metropolis–Hastings algorithm, a Monte Carlo method to generate sample states of a thermodynamic system, published by N. Metropolis et al. in 1953.<>Simulated annealing is a heuristic optimization method used to find the global minimum or maximum of a function. It is inspired by the annealing process used in metallurgy to purify and strengthen metals, in which a material is heated to a high temperature and then slowly cooled.\n\n\n\nIn simulated annealing, a random initial solution is generated and the algorithm iteratively improves the solution by making small random changes to it. These changes are accepted or rejected based on a probability function that is related to the difference in value between the current solution and the new solution. The probability of accepting a new solution decreases as the algorithm progresses, which helps to prevent the algorithm from getting stuck in a local minimum or maximum.\n\n\n\nSimulated annealing is often used to solve optimization problems that are difficult or impossible to solve using other methods, such as problems with a large number of variables or problems with complex, non-differentiable objective functions. It is also useful for problems with many local minima or maxima, as it can escape from these local optima and explore other parts of the search space.\n\n\n\nSimulated annealing is a useful tool for solving many types of optimization problems, but it can be slow and may not always find the global minimum or maximum. It is often used in combination with other optimization techniques to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the optimization process.<>wiki_csai