What is the different between one company's two OTCMKTS symbols?<>I have not looked in details but apparently the company has (at least) a dual listing in Hong Kong (its main listing, ticker 700) and in the US (ticker TCTZF). It also has an ADR (TCEHY), the underlying of which is the HK line. The two US listings essentially trade at the same price and will provide very similar returns but a major difference is that TCTZF pays dividends in HKD whereas TCEHY pays its dividends in USD. The latter may be more convenient depending on the account you use to trade the stock. The ADR line is also more liquid.<>The OTC Markets Group, also known as OTCMKTS, is a financial market that operates over-the-counter (OTC), meaning that it is not a centralized exchange like the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ. It is a network of dealers who buy and sell securities directly with one another, rather than through a central exchange.If a company has two OTCMKTS symbols, it could mean that the company has two different classes of stock that are traded on the OTCMKTS. For example, a company may have one class of stock that is traded under the symbol \"ABCD\" and another class of stock that is traded under the symbol \"EFGH.\" These two classes of stock could have different voting rights, dividends, or other terms and conditions.Alternatively, it could be that the company has two different subsidiaries or divisions that are each traded on the OTCMKTS under a different symbol. In this case, the two symbols would represent the stock of two separate companies that are related to each other through ownership or some other business relationship.It's also possible that the company's stock was previously traded under one symbol and then later changed to a different symbol for some reason. This could be due to a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or some other corporate event.Without more information, it's difficult to say exactly what the difference is between the two OTCMKTS symbols for a particular company. It's always a good idea to do your own research and consult with a financial advisor or professional before making any investment decisions.","OTCMKTS, also known as the OTC Markets Group, is a financial market that trades securities that are not listed on a traditional stock exchange. OTCMKTS assigns a unique symbol to each security that is traded on the market. It is possible for a company to have more than one symbol assigned to it if the company has multiple securities that are traded on the OTCMKTS.For example, a company may have one symbol for its common stock and another symbol for its preferred stock, if both types of securities are traded on the OTCMKTS. The different symbols can be used to differentiate between the various securities that a company has issued. It is important to note that each symbol represents a unique security, and the price and performance of one symbol may not necessarily reflect the price and performance of another symbol for the same company.<>finance