Having renal failure, hospital for non related transplant, cost and document requiredsir i m ranjeet 29 yrs married suffering fm renal failure . i m dialysis for last 10 months. my sister came 2 donate her kidney but she failed the test now i donot have matching blood broup in my family. i m looking for non related transplant. pls guide me abt hospital where non related transplant happen cost and document require. pls guide me.thxs<>Hi.  Because of many unethical procedures govt has laid strict guidelines in choosing donor for kidney donation.  And each state has different protocols followed. As for as I know unrelated transplant is done in few places in Kerala and Tamil nadu. But it as to be unequivocally proved that kidney donation is only by altruistic purpose.   Cost of procedure varies from hospital to hospital. Approximately it will cost you anywhere between 3lac to 10 lac. For documents, once you chose the hospital , they will guide you further.<>I'm sorry to hear about your renal failure and the difficulties you have been experiencing. Non-related kidney transplantation is possible, but it can be a complex and challenging process.\n\nIn order to receive a non-related kidney transplant, you will need to be listed on a transplant waiting list and meet certain medical and financial criteria. The specific criteria and process for receiving a non-related kidney transplant will vary depending on the country in which you live and the hospital where you are seeking treatment.\n\nIn general, you will need to undergo a series of medical evaluations to determine if you are a suitable candidate for a kidney transplant. This may include blood and tissue typing to determine if you have a suitable donor match, as well as other tests to assess your overall health and determine if you are able to undergo the transplant surgery.\n\nYou will also need to provide financial documentation to show that you are able to afford the costs of the transplant and the ongoing medical care that will be required after the transplant. This may include documentation of your income, assets, and insurance coverage.\n\nIt is important to work closely with your healthcare team to understand the specific requirements for receiving a non-related kidney transplant and to gather the necessary documents. You may also want to consider seeking the guidance of a social worker or financial counselor, who can help you navigate the process and find resources to assist with the costs of transplantation.\n\nI hope this information is helpful. Please do not hesitate to ask if you have any further questions.<>medicine