Can I conceive while taking anti tubercular medicines?Dear doctor, I am 33 yrs old female having anti tubercular medicines for asymptomatic acites with mantoux test positive for 4 months, i am now taking Rcinex 600. i have to take it 2 more months according to my physician. Now i want to know if i can concieve during taking this medicine , is there any harm being pregnant?<>Hallow Dear,Tuberculosis affects the fertility by:1. Reducing general health. Mother nature has arranged our body functioning in such a way that whenever there is any risk to life, the reproductory function is jeopardized first. However, Tuberculosis is such commonly wide spread disease in India and still the population is increasing. By and large, Pulmonary tuberculosis in early stage does not affect fertility. 2. By affecting the Reproductory Organs: When there is Genital tuberculosis, the tubes and uterine lining (endometrium) get affected. Affected endometrium is not conducive for implantation of the fertilized ovum and hence pregnancy is not possible. When the tubes get affected, there is tubal block. Along with the tubal block, tubal musculature also gets affected causing dysfunction in the tubal motility. Therefore, even after the surgical correction of the tubal block, if the tubal peristaltic movements are affected, conception is not possible. This is called as Functional Tubal Block; i.e. physically patent still functionally blocked tubes. You are suffering from Tubercular ascites. There is a good chance that due to ascetic fluid and peritoneal tubercular infection, the tubes and uterus also may be affected. Even, affection of the ovaries will affect the egg release function of the ovaries.Once your anti-tubercular treatment is over and you are declared completely cured of the tuberculosis, you should undergo some investigations like Hysterosalpingography (X-ray of uterus and tubes with radio-opaque dye in it) and\/or Laparoscopy to assess the status of endometrium and tubes. Ultrasonography also will be of use for the purpose. These investigations only will inform us whether your reproductory organs are in a state to offer you any successful pregnancy. Madam, your first aim should be to get cured from Tuberculosis. Once you are cured, get investigated for fertility potential. Even if you are unable to conceive, you can adopt a child - this will give you a desired child, the child will get parents and still the population will not be increased. I hope this helps you with relevant information. Dr. Nishikant ShrotriDr. Nishikant Shrotri<>It is generally safe to try to conceive while taking anti-tuberculosis (TB) medications, including Rcinex 600. However, it is important to consult with your physician about your plans to become pregnant and any potential risks or concerns.\n\nSome TB medications can cause side effects that may affect a developing fetus, such as birth defects or low birth weight. It is important to discuss the potential risks and benefits of continuing treatment with your physician, as well as any potential alternative treatments that may be safer during pregnancy.\n\nYour physician will be able to provide you with the most up-to-date and accurate information about the safety of taking TB medications while trying to conceive or during pregnancy. It is always important to follow the treatment recommendations and instructions provided by your physician to ensure the best possible outcome for you and your baby.<>medicine