What is SLA in datacenters ? What does this parameter speak of ? Explain like I'm five. <>It stands for \" Service Level Ageeement \" , and is essentially the agreement which outlines what exactly the service provider ( in this case the data centre but they 're not the only ones that have SLAs ) is providing the client company . It covers things like what service they re getting ( is it hosting ? How much ? From when ? At what cost ? Is there an option to change any of the amounts ? ) , what kind of support they get ( tech support ? By phone or email or will they send someone out or all of the above ? Will they do support outside of business hours ? How quickly are they expected to have a problem that 's raised to them , ie 24 hour turnaround for major issues ? 72 hours ? Two weeks for other things ? Who has the authority to classify something as a ' major ' issue ? Are they responsible for supporting or replacing any hardware or software the client uses in relation to this service , and so on ... it encompasses what the service provider is responsible for , who they 're responsible to , how they will provide these services , and who at the client company is authorised to get them to do stuff , and how , and when . So around the sysadmin or the talesfromtechsupport subs you may hear something like this ( this is a made up story that just includes buts and pieces of examples . My commentaty is in [ square brackets ] ): The client called up yelling about how they ca nt connect to our server and we have to fix it right now , only they 've called our emergency line because it 's 10 pm and this does nt sound like an emergency it 's just this one user [ in this example , the SLA would stipulate what is inside and outside business hours , and what kind of issue in terms of number of users impacted or overall business impacted would qualify it to go to the emergency line , and any issues that do nt qualify are not contractually expected to be dealt with after hours ] . Then they 're yelling about how they ve been having this problem on and off for weeks but there 's no ticket in the system about it [ the SLA will stipulate how issues from client to service provider are to be raised , ticketing is ubiquitous because then there s a written electronic record of when an issue was lodged , who picked it up , and they ll update the notes as they go to indicate progress etc ] . So i tell the user to lodge a ticket with as much detail as possible , and that according to our SLA we only become responsible for an issue once we are officially notified of it . Anyway 5 minutes later the ticket comes in and this is one user having access issues from one machine , so when they call back demanding someone come out there at 10.30 , which is nt gon na happen , and for a case of this severitt our SLA is 72 hours [ in this example , the SLA has an after hours service clause and an after hours technician clause but because of the cost of having service people and techs on call after hours , the severity of issue which actually warrants them being deployed will be explicitly detailed in the SLA , so they do nt have to start dealing with it until business hours ] . Anyway they call back later to say they had a walk around the office and it 's the whole floor , about 70 people , so I raise the ticket to a severity 1 and call our after - hours tech number . Edit : I was trying to make this story generic for demonstratiom purposes but I think i may have accidentally paraphrased an actual story I read on either sysadmins or talesfromtechsupport . I 'd link to credit but aside from a vague recollection I have no idea when or who by . Was not my intention to steal a story :-P I think in the actual story the end user turned out to be lying about other people being affected , because users :-P<>Sure! SLA stands for \"Service Level Agreement.\" In the context of a data center, an SLA is a contract that specifies the level of service that the data center will provide to its customers.\\n\\nThe SLA will typically include information about things like how much uptime (time that the data center is operational) the data center will aim for, how quickly the data center will respond to problems, and what kinds of support services will be provided.\\n\\nFor example, an SLA might state that the data center will aim for 99.999% uptime (which is often referred to as \"five nines\" of uptime), and that it will respond to problems within a certain amount of time (e.g. within 2 hours).\\n\\nIn simple terms, an SLA is a promise made by the data center to its customers about the quality of service they can expect. It helps customers understand what they can expect from the data center, and it helps the data center set goals for maintaining and improving their service.<>reddit_eli5