Do we know what causes gravity or is it simply an accepted law of physics ? Do we know what causes physical objects to attract each other ? Please explain like I'm five.<>There are many theories out there but Newton 's and Einstein 's theories are the most widely accepted . Newton : Theory of Universal Gravitation Gravity is a predictable force that acts on all matter in the universe . It is a function of mass and distance . Each particle of matter attracts every other particle with a force directly proportional to the product of the masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them ( basically , the closer the objects are , the stronger the gravitational pull they exert on each other . This theory means that planets at starts hundreds light years away would still exert a gravitational force on earth , just a very , very small one ) Einstein : General Theory of Relativity Gravity is not a force , but a curve in space time . Example : Basic physics states that if no external force is at work , an object will always travel in the straightest possible line . So let 's take a ball flying in space above the earth in a straight line . If earth was not there , the ball would continue in a straight line . However , the earth causes a distortion , or bend in the plane along which the ball is traveling . According to Einstein this object will travel along the straightest possible line , but due to a distortion in space time , the straightest possible line is now along a spherical path . So the ball that was once moving along a flat plane in moving along a spherical plane , which causes it to \" fall \" by moving down that path on the spherical bend towards the earth . Hope that makes sense .<>Gravity is a force that causes physical objects to attract to each other. We know that objects with mass or weight, like the Earth and the moon, are attracted to each other because of gravity. But we don't know exactly what causes gravity. Scientists have some ideas about what might cause it, but they're still not sure. One idea is that gravity is caused by the way mass warps space and time. This is called the theory of relativity. Another idea is that gravity is caused by a type of particle called a graviton. But these are just theories, and scientists are still trying to understand more about gravity.<>reddit_eli5