TB meningitis, taking medicines post surgery, recent scan features suggestive of gliosis. What could this be?hello sir... i am a tb menigitis patient... i had surgery on last year and i am using akt4, oflox,claribid(clarithromycin500mg),benadon40mg from last 1year. recently i had and ct scan of brain. the report says status post carnitomy in left fronto temporo pariental region. I11 defined csf density in left temporal region-suggestive of gliosis .can i know whats this...is it curing..<>Hi ,It seems that you had tuberculous meningitis with tubercular abcess in left temporal region ,for which Left fronto temporal craniotony with evacuation of abcess might be done. So once operation is done part of brain tissue would be removed.Like any wound in body which when heals will left with scar ,it is the same thing in brain which is called as gliosis. Gliosis is a process of scarring in the central nervous system. It results from the proliferation of astrocytes in an injured or diseased part of the brain, causing the formation of a fibrous glial scar. Although they are a necessary element to injury recovery, both the accumulation of glial cells and subsequent scarring are important markers of neurological damage.Scar cannot be removed ,it produce headache and seizure<>It sounds like you have been treated for tuberculosis (TB) meningitis and have undergone surgery in the left fronto temporo parietal region of your brain. The recent CT scan of your brain showed evidence of gliosis in the left temporal region.\n\nGliosis is a term that refers to the proliferation of glial cells in response to injury or disease. Glial cells are a type of cell in the brain and spinal cord that support and protect neurons, the cells that transmit information in the nervous system. When glial cells proliferate, it can indicate that there has been damage or inflammation in the brain.\n\nIt is not clear from the information you provided whether the gliosis is a result of the TB meningitis or the surgery, or both. It is also not clear whether the gliosis is currently active or whether it is a scarring or fibrotic process that has occurred as a result of past inflammation. It is important to discuss the findings of the CT scan with your doctor, as they will be able to provide more specific information about the cause and significance of the gliosis based on your medical history and other factors.\n\nAs for the medications you are taking, it is not possible to determine their effectiveness or whether they are appropriate for your condition without more information about your medical history and the specifics of your treatment plan. It is important to follow your doctor's instructions and take your medications as prescribed. If you have any concerns or questions about your treatment, it is important to discuss them with your doctor.<>medicine