( Michelin Stars ) Why do we care what a tire company thinks about restaurants ? Unknowingly went to a Michelin starred restaurant , waiter mentioned they were Michelin - starred , thought their restaurant doubled as a Les Schwabb or something . Please explain like I'm five.<>In the early days of motoring , the Michelin company put together a travel guide which rated hotels and restaurants . The idea was to encourage people to drive to distant cities . Over the years , the travel guide grew more & more respected . At some point , it lost its connection to the tire business & became a stand - alone guide to the world 's finest restaurants . It 's sort of like how the Guinness Book of World Records does n't really have anything to do with beer anymore .<>Michelin is a company that is best known for making tires, but it also publishes a series of guides that rate restaurants, hotels, and other types of travel-related businesses. The guides are called the Michelin Guide, and they are widely regarded as some of the most prestigious and respected guides in the world. \nThe Michelin Guide started as a way to help people who were traveling by car find good places to eat and stay. The company's founders, André and Édouard Michelin, believed that if they could help people have a better experience while traveling, they would be more likely to buy Michelin tires. \nThe Michelin Guide rates restaurants using a system of stars. One star means that the restaurant is \"a very good restaurant in its category,\" two stars mean that it is \"excellent cooking, worth a detour,\" and three stars mean that it is \"exceptional cuisine, worth a special journey.\" Restaurants that earn three stars are considered some of the best in the world. \nPeople care about what the Michelin Guide thinks about restaurants because they believe that the guide's ratings are a good way to find high-quality places to eat. If a restaurant has a lot of stars, it means that the food is probably really good and that the restaurant is worth visiting.<>reddit_eli5