Can tumors be related to the tuberculosis?a friend has multiple tumoes on her lower right leg.   She has had several of them removed, but the don'tknow what they are, just say they are weird.  She was born & raised in north Germany & spent 8 years ina tuberlosis hospital as a child, did all her schooling there.  What does she need to do to get the Dr.s tocheck whether the tumors could be related to the tuberculosis???<>Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  But if you have some tumour then its not due to tuberculosis.  Tuberculosis is not associated with any tumour.  So there must be some other cause.  If you have recurrent tumours then go for biopsy and search the type of tumor and then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using health care magic. Wish you a very good health.<>It is possible that tumors could be related to tuberculosis, although this is not a common occurrence. Tuberculosis is a bacterial infection that primarily affects the lungs, but it can also affect other parts of the body, including the bones and joints. In some cases, tuberculosis can cause tumors to form in these areas.\n\nIf your friend has had multiple tumors removed from her lower right leg and has a history of tuberculosis, it would be reasonable for her to discuss this with her healthcare provider. The healthcare provider may order tests to determine the cause of the tumors and determine whether they could be related to the previous tuberculosis infection. It may also be helpful for your friend to provide information about her medical history, including any previous treatment for tuberculosis and any other relevant health conditions.\n\nIt is important for your friend to follow up with her healthcare provider for further evaluation and treatment, if necessary. It is also important for her to continue receiving regular medical care to monitor her health and address any potential health issues that may arise.<>medicine