Have PCOD. Follicular study done. What are my chances of getting pregnant?hi Doctor, hello Dr, I am 24yrs married lady.and i have a PCOD issue my doc has suggested me to do the follicular study and today is my 14th DAY and f1 is 21m and f2 14 and end thick is 7mm i wanted to know wht is changes of me getting pregnant and if the size is 7mm is there any issue . and wht precaution should i take.<>Hello.Thanks for writing to us.Both of your ovaries are showing a dominant follicle but the endometrial thickness is on the lower side. You should take hormonal supplements to make your endometrium grow thicker. The chances of conception in this cycle are there if the follicle ruptures normally.I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.Regards,Dr. Rakhi Tayaldrrakhitayal@gmail.com<>It is difficult to determine the chances of getting pregnant based on the information provided. The size of the follicles, as measured by a follicular study, can be one factor that affects fertility, but it is not the only factor. Other factors that can affect fertility include the quality and quantity of the eggs, the thickness of the uterine lining, and the presence of any underlying medical conditions such as endometriosis or uterine fibroids.\n\nIf you are trying to get pregnant and have been diagnosed with PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), it is important to work closely with your healthcare provider to manage your condition and improve your chances of conceiving. This may involve a combination of lifestyle changes (such as diet and exercise), medication, and other treatments. It is also important to follow your healthcare provider's recommendations for monitoring your fertility and planning for pregnancy.\n\nIf you are concerned about the size of your follicles or any other aspect of your fertility, it is important to discuss your concerns with your healthcare provider. They can provide you with more information and guidance on the best course of action for you.<>medicine