why do n't Italians speak latin ? What happened to latin ? Surely if the centre of the Roman empire was in Italy they would still speak latin today ! ? Please explain like I'm five.<>All languages evolve over time . The Latin language spread out and , as languages do , evolved in different ways in different areas to give us the modern Romance languages Italian , French , Spanish , Portuguese and so on . Even when Latin was still being spoken as Latin , it changed from one generation to the next . The early Romans spoke Old Latin , which evolved into the Classical Latin which is what we usually think of as \" Latin \" , and which went through many changes over its lifetime ; changes continued throughout the Mediaeval period and the Renaissance . Latin is still spoken in the Vatican , of course , which is in Rome , and has the world 's only ATM that can display instructions in Latin . But it 's not the same Latin the Romans spoke : it 's a later version , Ecclesiatical Latin . All these versions of Latin were those spoken by the educated people . Ordinary people spoke vulgar Latin ( \" vulgar \" simply means \" of the people \" and does n't mean \" obscene \" ) , which again varied from place to place and through the generations -- just as most of us today speak a version of English that you would n't expect to hear the US President use in his State of the Union address . And there is one version of this vulgar Latin that has survived to this day . Well , in truth , many of them did and are now French , Italian , Spanish , etc . , but this one is much , much more closely related to actual Latin than any of the others , including Italian . It 's a language called Ladin , spoken in remote communities in the mountains of northern Italy . So if you want to know what happened to Latin , apart from the slightly artificial version used by the Church , it still exists and is spoken by about 30,000 people . Cicero , however , would not be able to understand a word .<>Great question! Latin was the language of the Roman Empire, and it was spoken by the people who lived in and around Rome, including in Italy. However, as the Roman Empire expanded and conquered other lands, Latin spread to many other parts of Europe, including parts of modern-day Spain, France, and England.Over time, as people in different parts of the Roman Empire spoke Latin in their own way, it evolved and changed into different languages. For example, in Italy, Latin eventually evolved into Italian, while in Spain it became Spanish, and in France it became French. This process is called linguistic evolution, and it's how most languages change and develop over time.So, even though Latin was once spoken in Italy, it eventually evolved into the Italian language that is spoken there today. Similarly, Latin has evolved into many other modern languages around the world, including English, which has many words that come from Latin.<>reddit_eli5