What causes wheezing and persistent cough with bad odour?I have had congestion, very frequent sneezing, runny nose for 5 weeks now. I got put on Amoxicillian for 7 days and that did not help. The last few days I developed a cough and a very smelly odor when I do. I also have bouts of wheezing and crackling sometimes throughout the day and night.<>Hi,I think that your problems is between a flu by viral infections or a upper airways allergy. In both the antibiotic is not effective. In other hand wheezing is everywhere a sign of constrictions airway in low level of respiratory tract, and both with cough maybe speak for a before asthma situation. Bad odor is by some microbial flora in your tract that activate during inflammatory process and go on after medications. By me you need a Specific IgE (ALLERGY TEST) in order to be clear is allergy or not.Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Regards,Dr. Anila Toka<>There are several possible causes of persistent cough, wheezing, and bad odour, including:\n\nInfections: Cough, wheezing, and bad odour can be caused by infections such as bronchitis, pneumonia, or sinusitis. These conditions are often accompanied by other symptoms such as fever, body aches, and fatigue.\n\nAllergies: If you have allergies, you may experience cough, wheezing, and bad odour due to irritation of the airways. Allergic reactions can also cause sneezing, runny nose, and congestion.\n\nChronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): COPD is a group of lung conditions that cause breathing difficulties. Cough, wheezing, and bad odour can be symptoms of COPD.\n\nAsthma: Asthma is a chronic lung condition that causes inflammation and narrowing of the airways. Cough, wheezing, and bad odour can be symptoms of asthma.\n\nOther causes: Other possible causes of cough, wheezing, and bad odour include smoking, exposure to air pollution, and certain medications.\n\nIt's important to see a doctor to determine the cause of your symptoms and receive proper treatment. Your doctor may recommend medications, lifestyle changes, or other treatments to help alleviate your symptoms and improve your overall health.<>medicine