Suggest treatment for headache and mood swings in a girlMy granddaughter received a concussion two weeks ago the headaches a less every day but has mood swings and gets very angery. this happen during a soccer game and she is 14 yrs old. she is having a very hard time. she worries about her grades and maybe that she will not be able to play sports again.<>DearWe understand your concernsI went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. The mood swings and anger could be out of disappointment about her health condition and the task in front of her. Disappointment which arises out of unforeseen life events do bring such symptoms like sadness, irritation, anger, lethargy, lack of interest, lack of appetite etc. Please understand this fact and make sure to introspect. Talking to her friends, out door activities and being creative should give her relief. Find the reason for her disappointment and consult a psychologist if need be.Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http:\/\/goo.gl\/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques.Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications.Good luck.<>It is important for your granddaughter to follow the treatment plan recommended by her healthcare provider for her concussion. This may include medications to manage her symptoms, as well as rest and avoiding activities that could exacerbate her symptoms.\n\nIt is also important for her to discuss her concerns about her grades and ability to play sports again with her healthcare provider. They can provide guidance and support to help her manage her anxiety and worry.\n\nIn addition to following her treatment plan, it may be helpful for your granddaughter to engage in stress-reducing activities such as exercise, relaxation techniques (such as deep breathing or meditation), and talking to a trusted friend or family member about her concerns. It may also be beneficial for her to speak with a mental health professional, such as a counselor or psychologist, to help her cope with the emotional challenges she is facing.<>medicine