How to deal with intraday prices conflicting with EOD highs and lows<>In the US, stocks are listed on one exchange but can be traded on multiple venues.  You need to confirm exactly what your data is showing: a) trades on the primary-listed exchange; or b) trades made at any venue. Also, the trade condition codes are important.  Only certain trade condition codes contribute towards the day's open\/high\/low\/close and some others only contribute towards the volume data.  The Consolidated Tape Association is very clear on which trades should contribute towards each value - but some vendors have their own interpretation (or just simply an erroneous interpretation of the specifications). It may surprise you to find that the majority of trading volume for many stocks is not on their primary-listed exchange.  For example, on 2 Mar 2015, NASDAQ:AAPL traded a total volume across all venues was 48096663 shares but trading on NASDAQ itself was 12050277 shares. Trades can be cancelled.  Some data vendors do not modify their data to reflect these busted trades.   Some data vendors also \"snapshot\" their feed at a particular point in time of the data.  Some exchanges can provide data (mainly corrections) 4-5 hours after the closing bell.  By snapshotting the data too early and throwing away any subsequent data is a typical cause of data discrepancies.   Some data vendors also round prices\/volumes - but stocks don't just trade to two decimal places. So you may well be comparing two different sets of trades (with their own specific inclusion rules) against the same stock.  You need to confirm with your data sources exactly how they do things. Disclosure: Premium Data is an end-of-day daily data vendor.<>Intraday prices refer to the prices at which a security is trading at during the trading day, while the end-of-day (EOD) highs and lows refer to the highest and lowest prices at which a security traded at during a particular trading day. It is not uncommon for intraday prices to differ from the EOD highs and lows, as prices can fluctuate significantly during the course of a trading day due to a variety of factors such as supply and demand, news events, and investor sentiment.If you are dealing with conflicting intraday prices and EOD highs and lows, you could consider using technical analysis techniques to try to identify any patterns or trends that might help you make more informed trading decisions. You could also consider using tools such as moving averages, which can help smooth out short-term price fluctuations and provide a clearer picture of a security's trend over a longer period of time. In addition, you could try to stay up-to-date with news and events that might affect the price of the security you are trading, and use this information to help inform your trades.<>finance