Why do we get sunburn \/ skin cancer if thousands of years ago we could tolerant it ? Like the Cave man era with no clothes out in the sun . Please explain like I'm five.<>Melanin- aka the coloring of our skin , is the human bodies natural defence against harmful UV rays . When we evolved on the African Savannah we were all dark skinned . By moving north , our skin lightened so that we would be able to absorb more sun and get more of the much needed vitamin D , which is not available in winter months at certain latitudes . Humans also used to spend most of their time in direct or indirect sunlight , before modern shelters were created . Even after houses became popular , people still worked on farms and spent most time in the sunlight , gradually getting a tan . Unfortunately for a society that now spends most of its time indoors , and then goes on a vacation to the Bahamas , our skin does not have time to naturally develop the melanin necessary to protect from sun damage . Our skin is also given defense by what we eat . Animal fats help protect our skin , such as cod liver oil and butter , as well as eating certain antioxidants such as Astaxanthin . A diet high in processed foods and sugars \/ grains puts the skin more at risk for burns because it is not properly made .<>Sunburn and skin cancer are caused by exposure to the ultraviolet (UV) radiation in sunlight. Our skin has evolved to protect us from the harmful effects of UV radiation, but too much exposure can damage the skin and increase the risk of skin cancer. In the past, humans spent most of their time outdoors, and their skin was exposed to the sun for long periods of time. However, humans also had darker skin, which provided more protection against the sun's UV radiation. Darker skin contains more melanin, a pigment that helps to absorb and scatter UV radiation. As humans migrated to different parts of the world with different levels of sunlight, some populations developed lighter skin to absorb more UV radiation and produce vitamin D. Lighter skin is more sensitive to UV radiation and is more prone to sunburn and skin cancer. Today, most people spend more time indoors and have less exposure to the sun. When we do go outside, we often use clothing and sunscreen to protect our skin from the sun's UV radiation. These protective measures can help to reduce the risk of sunburn and skin cancer.<>reddit_eli5