Smartest Place to Put Tax Refund<>Welcome to Money.SE. Your question is similar to a number of others. The \"How do I pay my debt down?\" and \"How do I invest extra money?\" is a bit of a continuum since there's no consensus than one should pay off the last cent of debt before investing.  Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing offers a good look at this. You see, Pete's answer on your question is perfectly fine, but, since you make no mention of, say, a matched 401(k), I'd suggest that any answer to a question like yours should first take a step back and evaluate the bigger picture. A dollar for dollar matched 401(k) beats paying off even an 18% credit card.  Absent any tangents, any thought of investing, saving for anything else, etc, my answer is simple, line up the debt, highest interest rate to lowest. Keep in mind the post-tax rate, i.e. a 6% student loan you can deduct, is an effective 4.5% if you are in the 25% bracket.<>There are several options for using your tax refund wisely. Here are a few suggestions:Pay off high-interest debt: If you have credit card debt or other high-interest loans, consider using your tax refund to pay off as much of that debt as possible. This can help you save money on interest charges and become debt-free faster.Invest in your retirement: If you have a retirement account such as a 401(k) or IRA, consider using your tax refund to make an extra contribution. This can help you save for the future and potentially earn more through compound interest.Save for emergencies: It's always a good idea to have an emergency fund in case something unexpected happens, such as a job loss or unexpected expense. Consider using your tax refund to build up your emergency fund so you have a financial cushion to fall back on.Invest in your education: If there are any courses or programs that can help you improve your skills or advance your career, consider using your tax refund to invest in your education. This can help you improve your earning potential and increase your long-term financial security.Ultimately, the best option for using your tax refund will depend on your personal financial situation and goals. It's a good idea to create a budget and consider all of your options before making a decision.<>finance