Please explain what is \"Face ID\"<>Face ID is a facial recognition system designed and developed by Apple Inc. for the iPhone and iPad Pro. The system allows biometric authentication for unlocking a device, making payments, accessing sensitive data, providing detailed facial expression tracking for Animoji, as well as six degrees of freedom (6DOF) head-tracking, eye-tracking, and other features. Initially released in November 2017 with the iPhone X, it has since been updated and introduced to several new iPhone models, and all iPad Pro models.\nThe Face ID hardware consists of a sensor with three modules; a dot projector that projects a grid of small infrared dots onto a user's face, a module called the flood illuminator that shines infrared light at the face, and an infrared camera which takes an infrared picture of the user, reads the resulting pattern and generates a 3D facial map. This map is compared with the registered face using a secure subsystem, and the user is authenticated if the two faces match sufficiently. The system can recognize faces with glasses, clothing, makeup, and facial hair, and adapts to changes in appearance over time.\nFace ID has sparked a number of debates about security and privacy. Apple claims that Face ID is statistically more advanced than Touch ID fingerprint scanning. It exhibits significantly fewer false positives. Still, Face ID has shown issues at separating identical twins. Multiple security features largely limit the risk of the system being bypassed using photos or masks, and only one proof-of-concept attempt using detailed scans has succeeded. Debate continues over the lack of legal protections offered by biometric systems as compared to passcode authentication in the United States. Privacy advocates have also expressed concern about third-party app developers' access to \"rough maps\" of user facial data, despite rigid requirements by Apple of how developers handle facial data.\nOn some devices, Face ID is unable to recognize users wearing face masks. Apple responded to criticism by offering faster fallback to passcode input, and the option for Apple Watch users to confirm whether they intended to unlock their iPhone. In March 2022, Apple released iOS 15.4 which adds mask-compatible Face ID for iPhone 12 and later devices.<>Face ID is a facial recognition system that is used to unlock Apple devices, such as the iPhone and iPad, and to authenticate payments and other actions. It uses a front-facing camera and infrared sensor to create a detailed 3D map of a user's face, which is then stored in a secure part of the device's memory. To unlock the device, the user simply needs to look at it. Face ID uses advanced machine learning algorithms to recognize the user's face, even if the user is wearing glasses or a hat, or if the lighting conditions are poor. It is a convenient and secure way to unlock a device, and it can also be used to authenticate payments and other actions, such as accessing sensitive information or making online purchases.<>wiki_csai