Please explain what is \"Support vector machines\"<>In machine learning, support vector machines (SVMs, also support vector networks) are supervised learning models with associated learning algorithms that analyze data for classification and regression analysis. Developed at AT&T Bell Laboratories by Vladimir Vapnik with colleagues (Boser et al., 1992, Guyon et al., 1993, Cortes and Vapnik, 1995, Vapnik et al., 1997[citation needed]) SVMs are one of the most robust prediction methods, being based on statistical learning frameworks or VC theory proposed by Vapnik (1982, 1995) and Chervonenkis (1974). Given a set of training examples, each marked as belonging to one of two categories, an SVM training algorithm builds a model that assigns new examples to one category or the other, making it a non-probabilistic binary linear classifier (although methods such as Platt scaling exist to use SVM in a probabilistic classification setting). SVM maps training examples to points in space so as to maximise the width of the gap between the two categories. New examples are then mapped into that same space and predicted to belong to a category based on which side of the gap they fall.\nIn addition to performing linear classification, SVMs can efficiently perform a non-linear classification using what is called the kernel trick, implicitly mapping their inputs into high-dimensional feature spaces.\nWhen data are unlabelled, supervised learning is not possible, and an unsupervised learning approach is required, which attempts to find natural clustering of the data to groups, and then map new data to these formed groups. The support vector clustering algorithm, created by Hava Siegelmann and Vladimir Vapnik, applies the statistics of support vectors, developed in the support vector machines algorithm, to categorize unlabeled data.[citation needed]<>Support vector machines (SVMs) are a type of supervised machine learning algorithm that can be used for classification or regression tasks. The goal of an SVM is to find the hyperplane in a high-dimensional space that maximally separates the different classes.\n\n\n\nIn the case of classification, the SVM algorithm finds the hyperplane that maximally separates the different classes. The distance from the hyperplane to the nearest data point on each side is known as the margin. The goal is to find the hyperplane with the maximum margin, as this maximizes the separation between the classes. Data points that lie on the margin are known as support vectors.\n\n\n\nSVMs can be used to solve both linear and nonlinear classification problems. In the case of linear classification, the SVM algorithm finds a linear hyperplane to separate the classes. For nonlinear classification, the algorithm uses a kernel function to transform the data into a higher-dimensional space, where it can find a hyperplane to separate the classes.\n\n\n\nSVMs have several advantages, including their ability to handle high-dimensional data and their effectiveness in cases where the number of dimensions is greater than the number of samples. They are also relatively robust to overfitting, as they use a regularization parameter to control the complexity of the model.\n\n\n\nHowever, SVMs can be sensitive to the selection of kernel function and hyperparameters, and they may not scale well to very large datasets.<>wiki_csai