How do planets get their perfect circular formation ? I understand ( for the most part ) how they are formed . But if the rocks are smashing into each other all the time , how do planets get so perfectly rounded ? Explain like I'm five.<>> Everything in the universe with mass exerts gravity . > Compression generates heat . > The force of gravity applies equal pressure from all sides . Now , planet is obviously formed from smaller constituents that coalesced due to the force of gravity . As this mass became larger it experienced more gravity pushing inward from all directions . The pressure \/ compression that this causes generates a great amount of heat , which basically \" melts \" any solid object making it easier for gravity to shape the planet spherically . It 's not until much later that things begin to cool and solidify . It takes a planet formation of a significantly large scale to generate this much heat during formation , which is why every rock floating around out there is n't relatively spherical .<>Planets are formed from a disk of gas and dust that surrounds a newborn star. As the material in this disk cools, it begins to clump together, forming small particles that eventually grow into larger objects. These objects collide and merge with each other, eventually forming planets.\n\nThe reason that planets are round is because they are made up of many small particles that are attracted to each other by gravity. When a planet is forming, the particles are constantly smashing into each other, but they are also being pulled together by the force of gravity. This causes the particles to become more and more compact, eventually forming a sphere.\n\nThe force of gravity also helps to smooth out any bumps or unevenness on the surface of the planet, which is why planets are generally very smooth and rounded. In fact, most planets in our solar system are almost perfectly spherical! So, the force of gravity is responsible for the perfect circular formation of planets.<>reddit_eli5