Could the extreme fatigue, depression and lethargy caused due to the overtaking of Methylprednisolone?I think my wife is accidentally overtaking Methylprednisolone (medrol). Her prescript is for 1 ½ 4 mg. tabs per day. I think she s been taking 6 tabs per day. She is extremely fatigued, depressed, and just has zero energy and is lethargic. Could this be from overtaking the methylprednisolone ?????<>HiThanks for using healthcare magicCorticosteroids also lead to depression. In her case, if she has been taking them for last many years, depression could be due to this. Better to consult a physician for decrease the dose of it. Decreasing corticosteroid would help to decrease the underline depression.Thanks<>It is possible that the symptoms you are describing could be a result of taking too much Methylprednisolone. Methylprednisolone is a corticosteroid medication that is used to treat a wide range of conditions, including inflammation, allergies, and immune system disorders. It is important to take it as directed by a healthcare professional, as taking too much can cause serious side effects.\n\nIf your wife has been taking more than the prescribed dose of Methylprednisolone, it is important that she stop taking the medication and consult with her healthcare provider as soon as possible. Taking too much Methylprednisolone can cause a range of side effects, including:\n\nWeight gain\nIncreased risk of infections\nWeak bones (osteoporosis)\nHigh blood pressure\nMood changes, including depression and anxiety\nIf your wife is experiencing any of these symptoms, it is important that she seek medical attention immediately. The healthcare provider will be able to assess her condition and determine the appropriate course of treatment.\n\nIn the meantime, it is important that your wife stays hydrated and tries to get plenty of rest. It is also important that she does not take any additional Methylprednisolone or any other medications without consulting with her healthcare provider first.<>medicine