What causes swollen occipital lymph nodes?Hi i firstly started with swollen occipital lymph nodes now have noticed swollen nodes behind my ears there not big jst about 1cm there tender to touch Ive just come dwn with a really bad sinus infection blocked nose, cough etc are these linked just worries regarding cancer?? Thanks<>Hi, thanks for sharing your health concerns with HCM!Well, you could have mentioned your age and sex; However, If I were your treating Doctor for this case of this tender occipital lymphadenopathy, I would come up with three possibilities, these include: 1.     lymph nodes due to some chronic inflammatory but simple conditions like dandruff, ear\/nose\/throat infection, common cold etc. not to worry and no therapy required!2.     The second possibility is of tuberculosis or chronic viral infection. these are potentially curable conditions!3.     The last possibility is of malignancy like lymphoma or metastatic cancer from throat, tongue or thyroid!I suggest you to go for an FNAC or biopsy test from the lymph node  for confirmation and to relieve your concerns!Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.<>Swollen occipital lymph nodes can be caused by a variety of factors, including infection, inflammation, and injury. A sinus infection can cause swelling in the occipital lymph nodes, as can other types of infections. Inflammatory conditions such as allergies or dermatitis can also cause swelling in the occipital lymph nodes. In some cases, swollen occipital lymph nodes may be a result of injury or trauma to the head or neck.\n\nIt is important to note that swollen lymph nodes are a common symptom of many different conditions, and they do not necessarily indicate cancer. However, if you are concerned about the possibility of cancer, it is important to speak with a healthcare provider. They can evaluate your symptoms and determine the cause of the swelling and recommend appropriate treatment.<>medicine