When the market price for a stock is below a tender offer's price, is it free money (riskless) to buy shares & tender them?<>That price is the post-tender price, which already reflects arbitrage.  It's less than $65 on the market because that's the highest offer out there and the market price reflects the risk that the $65 will not be paid.  It also reflects the time value of money until the cash is disbursed (including blows to liquidity). In other words, you are buying the stock burdened with the risk that it might rapidly deflate if the deal falls through (or gets revived at a lower price) or that your money might be better spent somewhere other than waiting for the i-bank to release the tender offer amount to you. Two months ago JOSB traded around $55, and four months ago it traded around $50.  If the deal fails, then you could be stuck either taking a big loss to get out of the stock or waiting months (or longer) in the hope that another deal will come along and pay $65 (which may leave you with NPV loss from today).  The market seems to think that risk is pretty small, but it's still there. If the payout is $65, then you get a discount for time value and a discount for failed-merger risk.  That means the price is less than $65.  You can still make money on it, if the merger goes through.  Some investors believe they have a better way to make money, and no doubt the tender offer of the incipient merger of two publicly traded companies is already heavily arbitraged.  But that said, it may still pay off. Tender offer arbitrage is discussed in this article.<>If the market price for a stock is below a tender offer price, it may be a good opportunity to buy shares of the stock and tender them in the tender offer. However, it is important to note that there are no guarantees in the stock market, and even if the market price is below the tender offer price, there is still a risk that the tender offer may not be completed or that the stock may not perform as expected in the future. It is always a good idea to do your own research and carefully consider the risks before making any investment decisions.","If the market price of a stock is below the price of a tender offer, you can make a profit by buying shares of the stock and then tendering them at the higher price offered in the tender offer. However, this is not a risk-free proposition.There are a few risks to consider when participating in a tender offer:The tender offer may be withdrawn or modified: The company making the tender offer may change the terms of the offer or decide not to go through with it at all. If this happens, you could be stuck with shares that are worth less than what you paid for them.The value of the stock may decline: Even if the tender offer goes through as planned, the market value of the stock may decline between the time you buy it and the time the tender offer is completed. This could result in a loss on your investment.The tender offer may not be completed: There is no guarantee that the tender offer will be completed, even if it is not withdrawn. This could leave you holding shares that are worth less than what you paid for them.In summary, while there is the potential to make a profit by participating in a tender offer when the market price of the stock is below the offer price, it is not risk-free. As with any investment, you should carefully consider the risks and potential rewards before making a decision.<>finance