College student - I'm a 'dependent' and my parents won't apply for the Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan<>I was in that same situation years ago with my parents. One way she could apply for a loan in her name without her parents is if she is not currently living with them she shouldn't need them to cosign if she doesn't have bad credit. But if she isn't living with them and they aren't financing her room and board they can't claim her as a dependent so if she really wants to stick it to them she can go and try to politely explain how the loans work and tell them if they don't cosign for her then she will apply on her own (which she can only do while not living with them I believe but not sure) and they will HAVE to STOP claiming her as a dependent on their taxes. If they don't agree she can put her foot down and force them to stop claiming her and tell them she will file her own application anyway and if they continue claiming her and get in trouble for it it's their own fault cause she warned them to stop first. They may agree to cosign rather than lose her as a dependent if it makes that big of a difference on their taxes, if they don't then she can forcefully punish them financially and their taxes will go up. Those were my choices when my parents refused to cosign for me to live at school but that was back in 1999-2000 and things may have changed since then, things also change state by state and I live in PA.<>It's understandable that you may be feeling frustrated or worried if your parents are not willing to help you with the cost of your education through a Parent PLUS loan or by cosigning a private loan. However, it's important to remember that your parents have the right to make their own financial decisions and it's ultimately up to them whether or not they are willing or able to assist you with funding your education.There are several other options you can consider to help pay for college if your parents are not able to assist you with a Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan. Some options you might consider include:Federal student loans: As a dependent student, you may be able to borrow federal student loans in your own name. There are two main types of federal student loans available to undergraduate students: Direct Subsidized Loans and Direct Unsubsidized Loans. These loans are generally considered to be more affordable than private loans, as they have lower interest rates and may offer more flexible repayment terms.Scholarships and grants: You may be able to find scholarships and grants to help pay for college. Scholarships are typically awarded based on merit, such as academic achievement or athletic ability, while grants are often based on financial need. There are many resources available to help you find scholarships and grants, including your school's financial aid office, online scholarship databases, and community organizations.Work-study: If you are eligible for work-study, you may be able to earn money to help pay for college by working part-time on campus or at a job related to your field of study. Work-study funds are typically paid directly to you, and you can use them to help cover your education expenses.Part-time work: You may also be able to help pay for college by working part-time off campus. This can be a good option if you are not eligible for work-study or if you need to earn more money than work-study can provide.Community college: Another option you might consider is starting at a community college and then transferring to a four-year college or university. Community colleges often have lower tuition costs, which can make them a more affordable option.It's important to carefully consider your options and make a plan that works for you and your financial situation. You may want to talk to your school's financial aid office for more information and guidance on finding the best way to pay for college.<>finance