Suggest remedy for hard lumps in the abkle bonepy7 days ago  my ankle took a severe knock. A & E did not need to xray as weight bearing however today I m left with a hard lump sticking out above the ankle bone. I am concerned that it wont go away. It looks like I have 2 ankle bones. I wud appreciate some reaseurance. Also Iam about to go on a long distant flight .<>Hi, dearI have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have history of trauma. so you may have hematoma formation due to extravasation of blood. You should go for x ray of that area to rule out any bony injury or fractures.  You should take analgesic and anti inflammatory drugs ti reduce pain and swelling. Hot water compression is also helpful.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using health care magic. Wish you a very good health.<>I'm sorry to hear about your ankle injury. It's important to get any injury checked out by a medical professional, especially if you're experiencing pain or swelling. Hard lumps can sometimes be a sign of a more serious injury or condition, such as a fracture or a cyst.\n\nIf you haven't already done so, it's a good idea to make an appointment with a doctor or a physiotherapist to have your injury evaluated. They will be able to assess the lump and determine the cause. Depending on the cause, they may recommend treatment options, such as ice, rest, elevation, physical therapy, or medications.\n\nIt's also important to take care of your ankle while you're on your long-distance flight. Try to avoid standing for long periods of time, and wear comfortable shoes that provide support for your feet. If you need to elevate your foot, you can use a footrest or a small pillow. Avoiding prolonged periods of inactivity can also help reduce swelling.\n\nI hope this information is helpful. If you have any further questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to ask.<>medicine