Please explain what is \"Information theory\"<>Information theory is the scientific study of the quantification, storage, and communication of information. The field was originally established by the works of Harry Nyquist and Ralph Hartley, in the 1920s, and Claude Shannon in the 1940s.: vii  The field is at the intersection of probability theory, statistics, computer science, statistical mechanics, information engineering, and electrical engineering.\nA key measure in information theory is entropy. Entropy quantifies the amount of uncertainty involved in the value of a random variable or the outcome of a random process. For example, identifying the outcome of a fair coin flip (with two equally likely outcomes) provides less information (lower entropy) than specifying the outcome from a roll of a die (with six equally likely outcomes). Some other important measures in information theory are mutual information, channel capacity, error exponents, and relative entropy. Important sub-fields of information theory include source coding, algorithmic complexity theory, algorithmic information theory and information-theoretic security.\nApplications of fundamental topics of information theory include source coding\/data compression (e.g. for ZIP files), and channel coding\/error detection and correction (e.g. for DSL). Its impact has been crucial to the success of the Voyager missions to deep space, the invention of the compact disc, the feasibility of mobile phones and the development of the Internet. The theory has also found applications in other areas, including statistical inference, cryptography, neurobiology, perception, linguistics, the evolution and function of molecular codes (bioinformatics), thermal physics, molecular dynamics, quantum computing, black holes, information retrieval, intelligence gathering, plagiarism detection,[10] pattern recognition, anomaly detection[11] and even art creation.<>Information theory is a branch of mathematics that deals with the study of the processing, transmission, and storage of information. It was developed by Claude Shannon in the 1940s as a way to formalize the concept of information and to quantify the amount of information that can be transmitted over a given channel.\n\n\n\nThe central idea of information theory is that information can be quantified as a measure of the uncertainty of an event. For example, if you know that a coin is fair, then the outcome of a coin flip is equally likely to be heads or tails, and the amount of information you receive from the outcome of the coin flip is low. On the other hand, if you don't know whether the coin is fair or not, then the outcome of the coin flip is more uncertain, and the amount of information you receive from the outcome is higher.\n\n\n\nIn information theory, the concept of entropy is used to quantify the amount of uncertainty or randomness in a system. The more uncertainty or randomness there is, the higher the entropy. Information theory also introduces the concept of mutual information, which is a measure of the amount of information that one random variable contains about another.\n\n\n\nInformation theory has applications in a wide range of fields, including computer science, engineering, and statistics. It is used to design efficient communication systems, to compress data, to analyze statistical data, and to study the limits of computation.<>wiki_csai