That “write your own mortgage” thing; how to learn about it<>You are asking about a common, simple practice of holding the mortgage when selling a house you own outright. Typically called seller financing.  Say I am 70 and wish to downsize. The money I sell my house for will likely be in the bank at today's awful rates. Now, a buyer likes my house, and has 20% down, but due to some medical bills for his deceased wife, he and his new wife are struggling to get financing. I offer to let them pay me as if I were the bank. We agree on the rate, I have a lien on the house just as a bank would, and my mortgage with them requires the usual fire, theft, vandalism insurance. When I die, my heirs will get the income, or the buyer can pay in full after I'm gone.  In response to comment \"how do you do that? What's the paperwork?\" Fellow member @littleadv has often posted \"You need to hire a professional.\" Not because the top members here can't offer great, accurate advice. But because a small mistake on the part of the DIY attempt can be far more costly than the relative cost of a pro. In real estate (where I am an agent) you can skip the agent to hook up buyer\/seller, but always use the pro for legal work, in this case a real estate attorney. I'd personally avoid the general family lawyer, going with the specialist here.<>It is not advisable for individuals to try to write their own mortgage agreements. Mortgages are complex financial instruments that require a thorough understanding of the legal and financial implications of the terms and conditions included in the agreement. Mistakes or oversights in the mortgage agreement can have serious consequences for both the borrower and the lender, including default, foreclosure, and financial loss.It is important for individuals to work with a qualified mortgage professional, such as a lender or mortgage broker, to understand the options available to them and to find the mortgage product that best meets their needs. A mortgage professional can help you understand the terms and conditions of different mortgage products, the process of applying for a mortgage, and the steps you need to take to qualify for a mortgage.If you are considering purchasing a home and need a mortgage, it is important to do your research and carefully consider your options before making a decision. You may want to consider consulting with a financial advisor or a lawyer to help you understand the legal and financial implications of a mortgage agreement.<>finance