Please explain what is \"Health care\"<>Health care or healthcare is the improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, amelioration or cure of disease, illness, injury, and other physical and mental impairments in people. Health care is delivered by health professionals and allied health fields. Medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, midwifery, nursing, optometry, audiology, psychology, occupational therapy, physical therapy, athletic training, and other health professions all constitute health care. It includes work done in providing primary care, secondary care, and tertiary care, as well as in public health.\nAccess to health care may vary across countries, communities, and individuals, influenced by social and economic conditions as well as health policies. Providing health care services means \"the timely use of personal health services to achieve the best possible health outcomes\". Factors to consider in terms of health care access include financial limitations (such as insurance coverage), geographical and logistical barriers (such as additional transportation costs and the possibility to take paid time off work to use such services), sociocultural expectations, and personal limitations (lack of ability to communicate with health care providers, poor health literacy, low income). Limitations to health care services affects negatively the use of medical services, the efficacy of treatments, and overall outcome (well-being, mortality rates).\nHealth systems are organizations established to meet the health needs of targeted populations. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), a well-functioning health care system requires a financing mechanism, a well-trained and adequately paid workforce, reliable information on which to base decisions and policies, and well-maintained health facilities to deliver quality medicines and technologies.\nAn efficient health care system can contribute to a significant part of a country's economy, development, and industrialization. Health care is conventionally regarded as an important determinant in promoting the general physical and mental health and well-being of people around the world. An example of this was the worldwide eradication of smallpox in 1980, declared by the WHO as the first disease in human history to be eliminated by deliberate health care interventions.<>Health care is the prevention, treatment, and management of illness and the preservation of mental and physical well-being through the services offered by the medical, nursing, and allied health professions. It includes a wide range of services, from preventive care and screening tests to diagnostic evaluations, treatment, and rehabilitation. Health care may be provided in various settings, such as hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, and patients' homes, and can be delivered by a variety of professionals, including doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and other health care providers. The goal of health care is to help people maintain their health, prevent and treat illness, and manage chronic conditions so that they can live healthy and productive lives.<>wiki_csai