Selling an app, sharing income, how does it work tax-wise?<>There are a few different ways to organize this, but mostly I think you need to talk to a lawyer.  The 50\/50 split thing should be in writing along with a bunch of other issues. You could have one of you doing a sole proprietorship where the other person is a contractor that receives half of all revenues\/profits.  The person that owns the sole proprietorship may be entitled to deduct certain costs of running the entity.  The other person would then be 1099'd his share of revenues. You could set up a partnership, again legal paperwork is necessary. You could also setup an S-Corp, where each of you is a 50% owner. You could also setup an LLC that is organized as any of the above.  I would only do this if you can self fund some additional tax preparation costs.  Figure about $600\/year at a minimum.   There are a lot of options with a sole proprietorship being the easiest.  Your first step on the new venture would be to apply for an EIN (free), and then opening a business bank account. Good luck.<>If you are selling an app and sharing the income with others, the tax treatment will depend on the nature of your business and the specific arrangements you have made with the individuals you are sharing the income with.Here are a few general points to consider:If you are operating as a sole proprietorship or a single-member LLC, you will report the income from the app sales on your personal tax return. You will need to pay self-employment tax on the net profit from the app sales, which is the gross income minus any deductible expenses.If you are operating as a partnership or multi-member LLC, you will need to file a partnership tax return to report the income and expenses from the app sales. The partnership will not pay taxes on its income; instead, each partner will report their share of the partnership's income on their personal tax return and pay self-employment tax on their share.If you are operating as a corporation (such as a C corporation or an S corporation), the corporation will pay taxes on its profits, and the individuals involved will pay taxes on any salary or wages they receive from the corporation.It's important to note that this is just a general overview, and there may be other tax considerations depending on your specific situation. It's always a good idea to consult with a tax professional or refer to the IRS website for more information.<>finance