Can you help me find an ETF Selection website that evaluates my ETF holdings?<>I used to use etfconnect before they went paid and started concentrating on closed end funds. These days my source of information is spread out. The primary source about the instrument (ETF) itself is etfdb, backed by information from Morningstar and Yahoo Finance. For comparison charts Google Finance can't be beat. For actual solid details about a specific ETF, would check read the prospectus from the managing firm itself. One other comment, never trust a site that \"tells you\" which securities to buy. The idea is that you need sources of solid information about financial instruments to make a decision, not a site that makes the decision for you. This is due to the fact that everyone has different strategies and goals for their money and a single site saying buy X sell Y will probably lead you to lose your money.<>There are several websites that can help you evaluate your ETF holdings. Some popular options include:Morningstar: This website offers a variety of tools for evaluating ETFs, including ratings, performance data, and risk analyses. You can also use the site to create and track your portfolio.ETFdb: This website provides a searchable database of ETFs, along with performance data, ratings, and other information. You can use the site to research specific ETFs or create and track a portfolio.Yahoo Finance: This popular financial website allows you to track your portfolio and provides performance data and ratings for ETFs.Zacks: This website offers a variety of tools for evaluating ETFs, including ratings, performance data, and risk analyses. You can also use the site to create and track your portfolio.Before selecting an ETF evaluation website, it's important to consider your specific investment goals and needs. Some websites may be more geared towards certain types of investors or may offer different types of information and analysis. It may be helpful to do some research and compare a few different websites to find the one that best meets your needs.<>finance