where in the world are smallpox common<>The earliest physical evidence of it is probably the pustular rash on the mummified body of Pharaoh Ramses V of Egypt.<>Smallpox is a highly contagious and deadly disease caused by the variola virus. It was responsible for numerous outbreaks and epidemics throughout history, but it has been eradicated worldwide. The last naturally occurring case of smallpox was reported in Somalia in 1977, and the World Health Organization declared smallpox to be eradicated in 1980. There are currently no known cases of smallpox anywhere in the world. The virus is kept in two secure laboratory facilities, one in the United States and one in Russia, as a precaution against the possibility of a future outbreak.","Smallpox is a highly contagious and deadly infectious disease caused by the variola virus. It was declared eradicated by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1980, meaning that it is no longer present in the wild and is only known to exist in two officially designated laboratories in the United States and Russia. As a result, smallpox is no longer common anywhere in the world.\\n\\nBefore it was eradicated, smallpox was prevalent in many parts of the world, and outbreaks occurred frequently in countries with low vaccination rates. The disease was especially common in crowded and unsanitary conditions, such as in urban slums and refugee camps. Smallpox was also a major cause of death during wars and military conflicts, as it was easily spread through contact with infected individuals or contaminated objects.\\n\\nIt is important to note that smallpox has not been seen in the wild since 1977 and all known stocks of the virus are being securely stored in the two designated laboratories. There is also a worldwide program in place to ensure that the virus is not accidentally released or used as a biological weapon.","Smallpox is a highly infectious and deadly disease caused by the variola virus. It was once common throughout the world, but it has been eradicated globally. The last naturally occurring case of smallpox was diagnosed in 1977, and in 1980, the World Health Organization declared that smallpox had been eradicated. The virus that causes smallpox is not found naturally in the environment and does not currently exist in the wild. The virus is now only found in secure laboratories that are equipped to handle it safely.<>open_qa