What would I miss out on by self insuring my car?<>As others have pointed out, it's all about a fixed, small cost versus the potential of a large cost. If you have insurance, you know you will pay a fixed amount per month. There is a 100% probability that you will have to pay this premium. If you don't have insurance, there is a large chance that you will have no cost in any given month, and a small chance that you will have a large cost. Like my home-owners insurance costs me about $50 per month. If I didn't have insurance and my house burned down, I would be out something like $100,000. What's the chance that my house will burn down this month? Very small. But I'd rather pay $50 and not have to worry about it. On the other hand, I just bought a filing cabinet for $160 and the store offered me an \"extended warranty\" for something like $20 a year. What's the probability that some accident will happen that damages my filing cabinet? Pretty small. Even if it did, I think I could handle shelling out $160. I can imagine my stomach in knots and lying awake at nights worrying about the possibility of losing $100,000 or finding myself homeless. I can't imagine lying awake at nights worrying about losing $160 or being force to stuff my files under the bed. I'll take my chances. When I was young and had even less money than I have now, I bought cars that cost me a thousand dollars or. Even poor as I was, I knew that if the car was totaled I could dig up the cash to buy another. It wasn't worth paying the insurance premium. These days I'm driving a car that cost me $6,000. I have collision and comprehensive insurance, but I think it's debatable. I bought the car with cash to begin with, and if I had to I could scrape up the cash to replace it. Especially considering that my last payment for my daughter's college tuition is due next month and then that expense is gone. :-)<>Self-insuring your car means that you are responsible for paying for any damages or losses to your vehicle out of your own pocket, rather than purchasing a car insurance policy from an insurance company. While self-insuring may seem like a good way to save money on premiums, there are several potential drawbacks to consider:Risk: Self-insuring means that you are taking on all of the financial risk for damages to your vehicle. If you are involved in a serious accident or your car is stolen, the cost to repair or replace your vehicle could be substantial and could be difficult to afford if you have not set aside enough money to cover it.Limited coverage: Most car insurance policies provide coverage for a wide range of potential damages or losses, such as collision, theft, fire, and natural disasters. When you self-insure, you are only able to cover damages that you can afford to pay for out of pocket.Legal requirements: In most states, it is required by law that you have some form of car insurance in order to drive a vehicle on the road. If you self-insure and do not have a valid insurance policy, you could face fines, license suspension, and other legal penalties.Lack of protection: Car insurance policies typically provide liability coverage, which means that if you are found to be at fault in an accident, your insurance company will pay for damages to the other party's vehicle and any injuries they sustained. If you self-insure, you will not have this protection and could be held personally liable for damages and injuries.Overall, self-insuring your car may seem like a good way to save money on premiums, but it is important to consider the potential risks and drawbacks before making a decision.<>finance