how many asian indians live in usa<>Indian Americans are citizens of the United States of Indian ancestry and comprise about 3.18 million people, or ~1.0% of the U.S. population, the country's third largest self-reported Asian ancestral group after Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans according to American Community Survey of 2010 data.<>According to the United States Census Bureau, as of July 1, 2020, there are approximately 4.5 million Asian Indians living in the United States. This number represents about 1.4% of the total population of the United States. Asian Indians are the third-largest Asian group in the United States, after Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans. They are also one of the fastest-growing groups in the country, with a growth rate of over 43% between 2010 and 2020. Many Asian Indians in the United States are highly educated and have high levels of income and occupational status. They are also well-represented in a variety of professions, including medicine, engineering, and technology.","According to the United States Census Bureau, the Asian Indian population in the United States was about 4.4 million as of 2019. This represents about 1.4% of the total population of the United States. The Asian Indian population is the third largest Asian group in the United States, after the Chinese and Filipino populations. The Asian Indian population is highly diverse, with people coming from various linguistic, cultural, and regional backgrounds within India. Many Asian Indians in the United States are highly educated and have successful careers in a variety of fields, including technology, medicine, and business.","According to the United States Census Bureau, as of July 1, 2020, the estimated number of people of Indian origin living in the United States is 4,488,674. This number includes individuals who identify as being of full or partial Indian descent, as well as those who identify as being of Asian Indian ancestry. The Indian-American community is a diverse and rapidly growing population in the United States, with people coming from a variety of cultural, linguistic, and regional backgrounds.<>open_qa