What does this patent troll bill say and do ? The passing of this patent troll bill is all over the news . Does it have any impact on my company 's existing patents ? Will it affect plans we have in place for future patents ? URL_0 Explain like I'm five.<>Let 's say you own the patent on brass plated , triangle shaped bottle openers . Here are some of the basics . Right now you could file a lawsuit on someone making gold plated square shaped bottle openers saying , \" Hey , we have a patent for bottle openers ! \" The people making gold plated square shaped bottle openers do n't have the time or money to fight you in court because it costs a lot of money to find out what patent you own , figure out if it 's a legally binding patent , figure out if they 're violating it etc ... etc ... , so they settle out of court for a couple thousand dollars to get you to go away . What the bill does is not only forces you to state the specifics of the patent they are violating ( in this case your brass plated , triangle shaped bottle opener patent ) , but when you lose the lawsuit because it 's pretty obvious there is no patent violation , you would have to pay their lawyer fees . Another thing the bill adds is the right for the patent office to re - review your patent after the case if it was deemed frivolous . \" Wait a second , why are we allowing someone to patent brass plated , triangle shaped bottle openers ? That 's silly . \"<>It's not clear which specific patent troll bill you are referring to, as there have been several bills related to the issue of patent trolling introduced in different countries. Patent trolls, also known as \"non-practicing entities,\" are companies or individuals that hold patents but do not actually use them to make or sell products. Instead, they often try to make money by threatening to sue other companies for allegedly infringing on their patents or by demanding licensing fees from them.\r\n\r\nIn general, a patent troll bill is a piece of legislation that is designed to address the problem of patent trolling and protect companies and individuals from these types of patent-related threats and demands. Such a bill might include provisions that make it more difficult for patent trolls to sue or threaten to sue others, or that require them to provide more detailed information about their patents and their intentions for using them.\r\n\r\nIt is possible that a patent troll bill could have some impact on your company's existing patents or on plans you have for future patents, depending on the specific provisions of the bill and how it is implemented. However, without more information about the specific bill in question, it is not possible to say exactly how it might affect your company.<>reddit_eli5