Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies?<>I would delay purchase of a condo or apartment until you have at a minimum, 6 months of living expenses including mortgage set aside in other investments that could be liquidated.  If you lost your source of income though disability or layoff or an unexpected termination of a grant, you need to have that cushion or a significant other whose salary can sustain payments.   You could lose a lot if you either cannot make the payments and\/or the value to the apartment dips greatly.  Many folks in the recent housing bubble and Great Recession learned this the hard way.  Many lost their entire investment by not being able to make payments AND seeing their house lose 1\/3 of its value.<>Taking out a personal loan for postgraduate studies is a decision that should be carefully considered. Here are some things to consider when deciding whether a personal loan is the right choice for you:Cost: Personal loans typically have higher interest rates than other types of loans, such as federal student loans. This means that you may end up paying more in the long run. Be sure to carefully compare the total cost of the loan (including interest) to the cost of other financing options, such as federal student loans or grants.Repayment terms: Personal loans typically have shorter repayment terms than federal student loans. This means that you may have to make larger monthly payments over a shorter period of time, which could be difficult if you have limited income after graduation.Credit history: Personal loans typically require a good credit history in order to qualify. If you have a poor credit history, you may not be able to get a personal loan or may have to pay a higher interest rate.Other options: Before taking out a personal loan, be sure to exhaust all other options for financing your studies, such as grants, scholarships, and federal student loans. These options may have more favorable terms than a personal loan and may not require repayment.Ultimately, whether or not a personal loan is a good choice for you will depend on your individual circumstances and financial situation. It is important to carefully consider all of your options and to make a decision that is financially responsible for you.<>finance