How does depression work in the brain ? And is it more physical of psychological ? ( Both cause and symptoms ) Please explain like I'm five.<>As someone who suffers from severe depression I can tell you mine is both physical and psychological . I know in my heart that no matter what circumstances I could ever be subjected to would never change that or get rid of it , it would be more of a genetics thing I suppose . Lately I tried to explain it to a friend and the only thing I can really use as an analogy for me are paper towels . Some are produced cheap and are shit , they tear and do n't soak up shit . These paper towels are still trying to be good but poor genes have them already behind a better crafted towel . Now let 's pretend we have two hammocks with one being designed using the shitty paper towel and one using the really strong and absorbent towel . If you consider each one of life 's problems and also just poor genes as a marble and you were to drop a marble into the hammocks they would eventually fall thru and you would be screwed . I view talking and medicine as a removal of a marble or two and at the end of the day I suppose each person develops ways of removing marbles but the marbles do n't stop coming . This whole life is just a flimsy , soaked towel and I lost my marbles .<>Depression is a medical condition that affects the way you feel. It can be caused by a combination of physical, psychological, and environmental factors. \nIn the brain, depression is thought to be caused by an imbalance of certain chemicals called neurotransmitters. These chemicals help transmit messages between nerve cells in the brain. When there is an imbalance of neurotransmitters, it can affect your mood and behavior. \nSymptoms of depression can be both physical and psychological. Physical symptoms may include changes in appetite and sleep patterns, fatigue, and body aches. Psychological symptoms may include feeling sad or hopeless, losing interest in activities you used to enjoy, and difficulty concentrating. \nIt's important to note that everyone experiences depression differently, and treatment may involve a combination of therapy, medication, and lifestyle changes. If you think you or someone you know may be experiencing depression, it's important to speak with a healthcare provider for a proper evaluation and treatment plan.<>reddit_eli5