Suggest treatment for Lyme diseaseMy husband has Lyme disease diginosed by a blood test. He ha been prescribed 100 mg capsules to be taken twice a day of Doxycycline for three weeks. Is this enough time, and a high enough dose. He is 79 and taking no prescriptions, and is in good health. I am also giving him tumeric and a probiotic. Any suggestions? YYYY@YYYY<>Dear Mam,i understand your concerns about your husbands health.The antibiotic regimen he is taking (doxycycline 100 mg twice daily for 21 days) is the correct regimen for his case, and should be enough to get rid of this disease in an early stage.The use of probiotics and tumeric has no effect on the disease itself but they are not contraindicated.Best regards<>Lyme disease is caused by the bacterium Borrelia burgdorferi, which is transmitted to humans through the bite of infected ticks. The treatment of Lyme disease typically involves the use of antibiotics, which are effective at killing the bacteria and helping to resolve the infection.\n\nThe specific treatment recommendations for Lyme disease may vary depending on the stage and severity of the infection, as well as the overall health of the patient. In general, early-stage Lyme disease can be treated with a course of oral antibiotics, such as doxycycline or amoxicillin, for a period of about 3-4 weeks.\n\nThe dose of doxycycline that your husband has been prescribed is within the recommended range for the treatment of Lyme disease. It is important that he take the medication as directed and complete the full course of treatment to ensure that the infection is fully resolved. If he is experiencing any side effects or other problems with the medication, it is important to let his healthcare provider know.\n\nIn addition to the antibiotics, you may want to consider other supportive measures to help your husband recover from the infection. These may include rest, hydration, and a healthy diet. Some people also find relief from certain complementary therapies, such as turmeric and probiotics, although there is limited scientific evidence to support their use in the treatment of Lyme disease.\n\nIt is always a good idea to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new treatment or supplement, to ensure that it is safe and appropriate for your husband's individual needs and medical history.<>medicine