Please explain what is \"Weak AI\"<>Weak artificial intelligence (weak AI) is artificial intelligence that implements a limited part of mind, or, as narrow AI, is focused on one narrow task. In John Searle's terms it “would be useful for testing hypotheses about minds, but would not actually be minds”. Weak artificial intelligence focuses on mimicking how humans perform basic actions such as remembering things, perceiving things, and solving simple problems.  As opposed to strong AI, which uses technology to be able to think and learn on its own. Computers are able to use methods such as algorithms and prior knowledge to develop their own ways of thinking like human beings do.  Strong artificial intelligence systems are learning how to run independently of the programmers who programmed them. Weak AI is not able to have a mind of its own, and can only imitate physical behaviors that it can observe. \nIt is contrasted with Strong AI, which is defined variously as: \nScholars like Antonio Lieto have argued that the current research on both AI and cognitive modelling are perfectly aligned with the weak-AI hypothesis (that should not be confused with the \"general\" vs \"narrow\" AI distinction) and that the popular assumption that cognitively inspired AI systems espouse the strong AI hypothesis is ill-posed and problematic since \"artificial models of brain and mind can be used to understand mental phenomena without pretending that that they are the real phenomena that they are modelling\"  (p. 85) (as, on the other hand, implied by the strong AI assumption).\nAI can be classified as being “… limited to a single, narrowly defined task. Most modern AI systems would be classified in this category.”  Narrow means the robot or computer is strictly limited to only being able to solve one problem at a time. Strong AI is conversely the opposite. Strong AI is as close to the human brain or mind as possible. This is all believed to be the case by philosopher John Searle. This idea of strong AI is also controversial, and Searle believes that the Turing test (created by Alan Turing during WW2, originally called the Imitation Game, used to test if a machine is as intelligent as a human) is not accurate or appropriate for testing strong AI. [10]<>Weak artificial intelligence, also known as narrow artificial intelligence, is a type of artificial intelligence that is designed to perform a specific task or a set of related tasks. It is limited in its capabilities and does not have the ability to learn or adapt to new situations on its own.\n\n\n\nWeak AI is often used in practical applications, such as speech recognition software, virtual assistants, and search algorithms. These systems are trained to perform a specific task, such as recognizing and responding to voice commands, answering questions, or searching the internet for information. While they may be able to perform these tasks quite well, they are not capable of learning or adapting to new situations and do not have the ability to think or reason like a human.\n\n\n\nIn contrast, strong artificial intelligence, also known as general artificial intelligence, is a type of AI that is designed to be capable of learning and adapting to new situations. It is capable of performing a wide range of tasks and can potentially exhibit human-like intelligence.\n\n\n\nOverall, weak AI is a useful tool for performing specific tasks, but it is not capable of the kind of general intelligence and adaptability that strong AI is intended to achieve.<>wiki_csai