Please explain what is \"Particle swarm optimization\"<>In computational science, particle swarm optimization (PSO) is a computational method that optimizes a problem by iteratively trying to improve a candidate solution with regard to a given measure of quality. It solves a problem by having a population of candidate solutions, here dubbed particles, and moving these particles around in the search-space according to simple mathematical formula over the particle's position and velocity. Each particle's movement is influenced by its local best known position, but is also guided toward the best known positions in the search-space, which are updated as better positions are found by other particles. This is expected to move the swarm toward the best solutions.\nPSO is originally attributed to Kennedy, Eberhart and Shi and was first intended for simulating social behaviour, as a stylized representation of the movement of organisms in a bird flock or fish school. The algorithm was simplified and it was observed to be performing optimization. The book by Kennedy and Eberhart describes many philosophical aspects of PSO and swarm intelligence. An extensive  survey of PSO applications is made by Poli. Recently, a comprehensive review on theoretical and experimental works on PSO has been published by Bonyadi and Michalewicz.\nPSO is a metaheuristic as it makes few or no assumptions about the problem being optimized and can search very large spaces of candidate solutions. Also, PSO does not use the gradient of the problem being optimized, which means PSO does not require that the optimization problem be differentiable as is required by classic optimization methods such as gradient descent and quasi-newton methods. However, metaheuristics such as PSO do not guarantee an optimal solution is ever found.<>Particle swarm optimization (PSO) is a computational method used to find the global minimum or maximum of a function. It is inspired by the behavior of social animals, such as birds or bees, which communicate and cooperate with each other to achieve a common goal.\n\n\n\nIn PSO, a group of \"particles\" move through a search space and update their position based on their own experience and the experience of other particles. Each particle represents a potential solution to the optimization problem and is characterized by a position and velocity in the search space.\n\n\n\nThe position of each particle is updated using a combination of its own velocity and the best position it has encountered so far (the \"personal best\") as well as the best position encountered by the entire swarm (the \"global best\"). The velocity of each particle is updated using a weighted combination of its current velocity and the position updates.\n\n\n\nBy iteratively updating the positions and velocities of the particles, the swarm can \"swarm\" around the global minimum or maximum of the function. PSO can be used to optimize a wide range of functions and has been applied to a variety of optimization problems in fields such as engineering, finance, and biology.<>wiki_csai