Suggest treatment for chest and back pain with chillsI was pulling heavy carts at work yesterday when I felt something pop in my chest and immediately started having chest & back pains. My chest still hurts today but my back is in really bad pain. I ve also been getting chills all day but don t know if that has any connections with my injury.. Is there any convention? And should I go to a doctor?<>Hi while pulling heavy cart you have started back and chest pain and back hurts more.In my practice , with this pic I would suspect vertebral injury and  go for an x ray of  affected part to rule out any spinal compression fracture . Pain killers , back support , rest and physiotherapy will help relieve the pain and the rest will depend on x rays. Yes you should consult your doctor if the pain does not go away in few days.<>Chest and back pain, especially if accompanied by chills, can be symptoms of a serious medical condition and should not be ignored. It is important to seek medical attention as soon as possible. Some possible causes of chest and back pain include muscle strain, pneumonia, pleurisy, a heart attack, or a kidney infection.\n\nIf you are experiencing chest pain, it is especially important to seek medical attention immediately as chest pain can be a sign of a heart attack. If you are experiencing chest pain, shortness of breath, nausea, or cold sweats, call 911 or your local emergency number right away.\n\nIf you are unable to see a doctor immediately, you can try taking over-the-counter pain medication and applying heat to the affected area to help alleviate the pain. However, it is important to keep in mind that these measures are only temporary and do not address the underlying cause of the pain.\n\nIn summary, if you are experiencing chest and back pain with chills, it is important to seek medical attention as soon as possible. Do not hesitate to call 911 or your local emergency number if you are experiencing chest pain or other symptoms of a serious medical condition.<>medicine