Should DTP and Hepatitis B be given after 45 days of birth?My baby is 45 days old i.e. 1.5 months we need to immunize her. Doctor has recommended couple of vaccines like DTP\/DTaP, Hepatitis-B -2nd dose, HiB, Polio two questions i have regarding this vaccines 1) Are all these important vcaccines & if there is any more vaccines to be given. 2) What are cost of each vaccines. Please advice as the matter is to know if i am not getting cheated.<>Hi...at 45 days the recommended vaccines are - DPT (whole cell), HepB, Hib, IPV, PCV13, Rotavirus vaccine.The best thing for you will be to go ahead with government set up vaccine center so that you can get the vaccines free of cost.Regards - Dr. Sumanth<>It is generally recommended that infants receive certain vaccines at specific ages to protect them from serious diseases. The vaccines that you mentioned, DTP\/DTaP (diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis), Hepatitis B, HiB (Haemophilus influenzae type b), and polio, are all important vaccines that can help protect your baby from serious illnesses.\n\nDTP\/DTaP vaccine is given in a series of three or four doses to protect against diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (whooping cough). The first dose is typically given at 2 months of age, with subsequent doses given at 4 months, 6 months, and 15-18 months of age. A booster dose is also typically given at 4-6 years of age.\n\nThe Hepatitis B vaccine is also given in a series of three doses. The first dose is typically given at birth, with the second and third doses given at 1-2 months and 6-18 months of age, respectively.\n\nThe HiB vaccine is given in a series of two or three doses, depending on the specific vaccine used. The first dose is typically given at 2 months of age, with the second dose given at 4 months of age and the third dose given at 12-15 months of age.\n\nThe polio vaccine is given in a series of three or four doses, depending on the specific vaccine used. The first dose is typically given at 2 months of age, with subsequent doses given at 4 months, 6-18 months, and 4-6 years of age.\n\nIt is important to follow the recommended vaccination schedule to ensure that your child is fully protected against these serious diseases. If you have any concerns about the recommended vaccines or the vaccination schedule, you should discuss them with your healthcare provider.\n\nIt is not appropriate for me to provide information about the cost of specific vaccines, as the cost can vary depending on a number of factors, including where you live and the specific vaccine being used. You should discuss the cost of the vaccines with your healthcare provider or pharmacist.<>medicine