How do geosynchronous orbits occur without falling to earth ? My knowledge of an orbit is an object continually falling toward earth but going fast enough to cancel out earth 's curvature . So , how can geosynchronous orbits exist without the satellite falling to earth ? Explain like I'm five.<>In simple terms - whenever something is moving in a circle , it has centripetal force . This force is perpendicular to the center of the circle . ( Example : think about spinning around while holding onto a shopping bag at arm 's length . When you let go of that bag , it will travel in a straight line away from you - perpendicular to your core , the center of its spinny circle . ) In space , when something is above the earth , there is gravity pulling it back down towards earth . So what happens when the centripetal force is equal to gravity ? The answer is geosynchronous orbit ! The object is falling in towards the earth at the same rate that it 's trying to shoot off perpendicular to the earth . The result is that it follows a curved path that keeps it at the same height , as the two forces cancel ! Fun note 1 : one big benefit of geosynchronous orbits is that they 're also geostationary - this means that a satellite is in the same place all the time in relation to the earth , so it 's easy to figure out where to point satellite dishes . Fun note 2 : over time , geosynchronous orbits slowly decay , so eventually those satellites will come crashing back down to earth ... cover your heads !<>Sure! Geosynchronous orbits are a type of orbit where a satellite orbits the Earth at the same speed that the Earth is turning. This means that the satellite stays in the same position above the Earth's surface at all times.\r\n\r\nTo understand how this works, it's helpful to think about how the Earth's gravity works. Gravity is what keeps objects stuck to the Earth's surface and what makes things fall down. The Earth's gravity also reaches out into space, and it pulls on satellites and other objects that are orbiting the Earth.\r\n\r\nIf a satellite is orbiting the Earth and it's moving too slowly, then the Earth's gravity will pull it down and it will fall back to the surface. But if the satellite is moving fast enough, it will be able to stay in orbit and keep going around and around the Earth. The speed that a satellite needs to go in order to stay in orbit is called the \"escape velocity.\"\r\n\r\nFor a satellite to be in a geosynchronous orbit, it needs to be in a very specific spot in space and it needs to be moving at a very specific speed. If it's not in the right spot or moving at the right speed, then it won't be able to stay in a geosynchronous orbit and it will either fall back to the Earth or fly off into space.<>reddit_eli5