Is the Chrysler extended warranty coverage worth it?<>I haven't looked at that warranty in detail, but generally speaking this should help. What is GAP insurance? In the case of a total loss\/write off gap insurance covers the outstanding finance after your regular insurance pay out. The two won't match up usually because of the depreciation right after you buy the car. For example, if you take out $20,000 finance and buy a car, then write it off after six months, your insurance company may only value it at $16,000 but it's unlikely you will have cleared $4,000 from your finance. Gap insurance will pay out the difference and settle the debt. Will Chrysler change the engine, if it comes to bhore? Yes, unless they identify misuse or deliberate damage. For instance, if you do 1000 miles and the engine explodes, it's a mechanical fault that the warranty would cover. If they open up the engine\/look at diagnostics and find it's been thrashed to within an inch of it's life, they may claim it was your driving which has destroyed the engine and you would have to prove it was an underlying fault and would have blown either way. Will car dents be covered with this bumper to bumper insurance? Not likely, as I mentioned in the last point, if it's your fault it wouldn't be covered. I think you may be confusing the terms insurance and warranty at this point. Insurance would cover your dents but a warranty only covers the manufacturer's faults, even in the case of extended warranties. What does basic mean in terms of warranty? Sounds obvious, but whatever Chrysler want it to mean! There's no legal definition of 'basic' so you would need to check the documents thoroughly or ask them to explain exactly what is and isn't covered. If they're reluctant, it's probably because 'basic' covers very little...<>It's difficult to say whether or not a Chrysler extended warranty is worth it without more information. There are several factors to consider when determining whether an extended warranty is a good value, including the cost of the coverage, the terms and conditions of the warranty, and the likelihood that you will need repairs covered by the warranty.Here are a few things to consider when deciding whether a Chrysler extended warranty is worth it:The cost of the coverage: The cost of an extended warranty will vary depending on the terms of the coverage and the age and mileage of your vehicle. It's important to compare the cost of the extended warranty to the cost of repairs that may be covered by the warranty.The terms and conditions of the warranty: Be sure to carefully read and understand the terms and conditions of the extended warranty, including what is and is not covered. Some extended warranties may only cover certain components of the vehicle, while others may offer more comprehensive coverage.The likelihood that you will need repairs covered by the warranty: If you have a newer or low-mileage vehicle, you may be less likely to need repairs covered by the extended warranty. On the other hand, if you have an older or high-mileage vehicle, you may be more likely to need repairs, which could make the extended warranty a more appealing option.Ultimately, whether or not a Chrysler extended warranty is worth it will depend on your individual circumstances and needs. It may be helpful to consult with a mechanic or dealership to get more information and get a better understanding of the potential costs and benefits of an extended warranty.<>finance