what did elijah mccoy invent<>Elijah J. McCoy (May 2, 1844 – October 10, 1929) was a black Canadian-American inventor and engineer, who was notable for his 57 U.S. patents , most to do with lubrication of steam engines.<>Elijah McCoy was a Canadian-American inventor and engineer who is best known for his contributions to the development of lubrication systems for steam engines. He was born in Colchester, Ontario, in 1844 and grew up in Ypsilanti, Michigan.\\n\\nMcCoy's most significant invention was a lubrication system for steam engines that allowed them to operate more efficiently and with less wear and tear. The system involved a series of small oil cups that were mounted on the moving parts of the engine and which released a measured amount of oil onto those parts as they moved. This helped to reduce friction and heat, and allowed the engine to run more smoothly and for longer periods of time without needing to be shut down for maintenance.\\n\\nMcCoy received a patent for his lubrication system in 1872, and it became widely used in a variety of industries, including railroads, factories, and ships. His inventions earned him the nickname \"The Real McCoy,\" and his name became a synonym for anything that was genuine and reliable.","Elijah McCoy was a Black inventor and engineer who is best known for developing a series of lubrication devices that revolutionized the railroad industry in the late 19th century. He was born in 1844 in Colchester, Ontario, Canada, and moved to Ypsilanti, Michigan, with his family as a young boy.\\n\\nMcCoy's most famous invention was a lubrication device that could be used to automatically oil the moving parts of a steam engine while it was in operation. This device, which was known as the \"lubricator cup,\" consisted of a small cup that was attached to the steam engine and filled with oil. As the engine moved, the cup would automatically dispense oil onto the moving parts, reducing friction and wear.\\n\\nMcCoy received a patent for his lubricator cup in 1872, and it quickly became popular with railroads, as it allowed them to operate their engines more efficiently and with less downtime for maintenance. He went on to develop a number of other lubrication devices, including an automatic lubricator for stationary engines and a self-oiling gear for locomotives.\\n\\nThroughout his career, McCoy was awarded more than 50 patents for his inventions, which also included a folding ironing table, an ironing board, and a sprinkler system for watering lawns. He was widely respected in the engineering community for his contributions to the field, and his name became synonymous with high-quality lubrication devices.","Elijah McCoy (1844-1929) was an African American inventor who is best known for his work on lubrication systems for steam engines. He developed a number of inventions related to lubrication, including a device that would automatically lubricate the moving parts of a steam engine while it was in operation. This device, known as the \"lubricator cup,\" was patented in 1872 and became very popular with railroads and other industries that used steam engines. It allowed the engines to run more efficiently and reduced the need for frequent shutdowns to lubricate the moving parts manually. Elijah McCoy was granted a total of 57 patents during his lifetime, many of which related to lubrication and other mechanical innovations.<>open_qa