Please explain what is \"Amazon Alexa\"<>Amazon Alexa, also known simply as Alexa, is a virtual assistant technology largely based on a Polish speech synthesiser named Ivona, bought by Amazon in 2013. It was first used in the Amazon Echo smart speaker and the Echo Dot, Echo Studio and Amazon Tap speakers developed by Amazon Lab126. It is capable of voice interaction, music playback, making to-do lists, setting alarms, streaming podcasts, playing audiobooks, and providing weather, traffic, sports, and other real-time information, such as news. Alexa can also control several smart devices using itself as a home automation system. Users are able to extend the Alexa capabilities by installing \"skills\" (additional functionality developed by third-party vendors, in other settings more commonly called apps) such as weather programs and audio features. It uses automatic speech recognition, natural language processing, and other forms of weak AI to perform these tasks.\nMost devices with Alexa allow users to activate the device using a wake-word (such as Alexa or Amazon); other devices (such as the Amazon mobile app on iOS or Android and Amazon Dash Wand) require the user to click a button to activate Alexa's listening mode, although, some phones also allow a user to say a command, such as \"Alexa\" or \"Alexa wake\".\nAs of November 2018[update], Amazon had more than 10,000 employees working on Alexa and related products. In January 2019, Amazon's devices team announced that they had sold over 100 million Alexa-enabled devices.\nIn September 2019, Amazon launched many new devices achieving many records while competing with the world's smart home industry. The new Echo Studio became the first smart speaker with 360 sound and Dolby sound. Other new devices included an Echo dot with a clock behind the fabric, a new third-generation Amazon Echo, Echo Show 8, a plug-in Echo device, Echo Flex, Alexa built-in wireless earphones, Echo buds, Alexa built-in spectacles, Echo frames, an Alexa built-in Ring, and Echo Loop.<>Amazon Alexa is a virtual assistant developed by Amazon, which is designed to be used with smart home devices such as smart speakers and smart displays. It can be activated by saying the \"wake word\" \"Alexa,\" and can be used to play music, set alarms and timers, provide news and weather updates, answer questions, and perform a variety of other tasks. Alexa is activated by voice, and users can interact with it by speaking commands and asking questions. The virtual assistant can also be controlled using the Alexa app, which is available for smartphones and tablets. Amazon Alexa is a part of the Amazon Echo family of products, which includes smart speakers and other devices that are equipped with the Alexa virtual assistant.<>wiki_csai