How to correct curved penis causing pain during intercourse due to excessive masturbation?hi doctor i have problem in my penis one curvature downside and right side and too much pain in time of incourses and not erectile problem these all problem because i did over mostribution then i was 12 year old up to 25 year 3 time a day 4 time a day<>DearWe understand your concernsI went through your details. Excess masturbation can cause mental problems like anxiety but cannot cause physical problems or health related problems as you mention here. those are myths. Curvature could be due to your masturbation. But that is a blessing. Curved penis will provide you more pleasure inside a vagina than straight penis because curved penis provides more friction. Pain is not associated with the curvature.I think you are anxious and obsessive with these sexual matters and you are worried. Such obsession often causes performance anxiety. Keep away from anxiety and gain correct knowledge.If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http:\/\/goo.gl\/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications.Good luck. Take care.<>!\nToo many requests in 1 hour. Try again later.\n\n\n\nThere was an error generating a response","I'm sorry to hear about the pain you are experiencing during intercourse. It is important to first consult with a healthcare provider for a proper evaluation and diagnosis of your condition. They will be able to recommend the most appropriate treatment based on the specific cause of your curved penis and pain during intercourse.\n\nIn some cases, treatment for a curved penis may involve the use of medications or devices to help straighten the penis, or surgery to correct the curvature. However, these options should only be considered after a thorough evaluation by a healthcare provider.\n\nIt is also important to address the issue of excessive masturbation, as this can contribute to the development of a curved penis and other health problems. It is generally recommended to limit masturbation to a healthy and reasonable frequency, and to use lubrication to reduce friction and irritation during sexual activity.\n\nAgain, it is important to consult with a healthcare provider for a proper evaluation and treatment plan for your specific condition.<>medicine