Please explain what is \"Dune (novel)\"<>Dune is a 1965 epic science fiction novel by American author Frank Herbert, originally published as two separate serials in Analog magazine. It tied with Roger Zelazny's This Immortal for the Hugo Award in 1966 and it won the inaugural Nebula Award for Best Novel. It is the first installment of the Dune saga. In 2003, it was described as the world's best-selling science fiction novel.\nDune is set in the distant future amidst a feudal interstellar society in which various noble houses control planetary fiefs.  It tells the story of young Paul Atreides, whose family accepts the stewardship of the planet Arrakis. While the planet is an inhospitable and sparsely populated desert wasteland, it is the only source of melange, or \"spice\", a drug that extends life and enhances mental abilities. Melange is also necessary for space navigation, which requires a kind of multidimensional awareness and foresight that only the drug provides. As melange can only be produced on Arrakis, control of the planet is a coveted and dangerous undertaking. The story explores the multilayered interactions of politics, religion, ecology, technology, and human emotion, as the factions of the empire confront each other in a struggle for the control of Arrakis and its spice.\nHerbert wrote five sequels: Dune Messiah, Children of Dune, God Emperor of Dune, Heretics of Dune, and Chapterhouse: Dune. Following Herbert's death in 1986, his son Brian Herbert and author Kevin J. Anderson continued the series in over a dozen additional novels since 1999.\nAdaptations of the novel to cinema have been notoriously difficult and complicated. In the 1970s, cult filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky attempted to make a film based on the novel. After three years of development, the project was canceled due to a constantly growing budget. In 1984, a film adaptation directed by David Lynch was released to a mostly negative response from critics and failed at the box office. The book was also adapted into the 2000 Sci-Fi Channel miniseries Frank Herbert's Dune and its 2003 sequel Frank Herbert's Children of Dune (which combines the events of Dune Messiah and Children of Dune). A second film adaptation directed by Denis Villeneuve was released on October 21, 2021, to generally positive reviews from critics and grossed $401 million worldwide. It also went on to win six Academy Awards. Villeneuve's film was essentially the first half of the original novel, and a sequel, which will cover the remaining story, has begun production and is set for release in 2023. The series has been used as the basis for several board, role-playing, and video games.\nSince 2009, the names of planets from the Dune novels have been adopted for the real-life nomenclature of plains and other features on Saturn's moon Titan.<>\"Dune\" is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert, first published in 1965. It is the first book in the \"Dune\" series, which consists of six main novels and a number of spin-off works.\n\n\n\nThe novel is set in the distant future and follows the story of Paul Atreides, the son of a noble family who are given control of the desert planet Arrakis, the only known source of the spice melange, a valuable and highly sought-after substance. Paul and his family must navigate the complex and dangerous politics of the planet, as well as deal with the native population, the Fremen, who have adapted to the harsh desert conditions and have their own secret society and ancient traditions.\n\n\n\nAs Paul becomes more involved in the politics of Arrakis, he discovers that he has been chosen by fate to become the messiah of the Fremen and lead them in a rebellion against their oppressors. Along the way, he must confront powerful enemies and difficult personal choices, and he learns about the power of prophecy and the nature of human destiny.\n\n\n\n\"Dune\" is known for its complex and detailed world-building, its engaging characters, and its themes of politics, religion, and ecological responsibility. It has won numerous awards and is widely considered one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time.<>wiki_csai