When can we exercice an option?<>If you're talking about ADBE options, that is an American style option, which can be exercised at any time before expiration. You can exercise your options by calling your broker and instructing them to exercise. Your broker will charge you a nominal fee to do so. As an aside, you probably don't want to exercise the option right now. It still has a lot of time value left, which you'll lose if you exercise. Just sell the option if you don't think ADBE will keep going up.<>Options are financial contracts that give the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell an underlying asset at a specified price on or before a certain date. The holder of an option can exercise their right to buy or sell the underlying asset at any time before the option expires, as long as the option is still in the money. The expiration date is the last day on which the option can be exercised. If the option is not exercised by the expiration date, it will expire worthless.Options are typically used as a way to hedge risk or to speculate on the price movement of an underlying asset. The holder of a call option has the right to buy the underlying asset, while the holder of a put option has the right to sell the underlying asset. The underlying asset can be a variety of financial instruments, such as stocks, bonds, currencies, commodities, or futures contracts.","An option is a financial derivative that gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell an underlying asset at a specified price (also known as the strike price) on or before a specified date (also known as the expiration date). There are two types of options: call options and put options.A call option gives the holder the right to buy the underlying asset at the strike price on or before the expiration date. A put option gives the holder the right to sell the underlying asset at the strike price on or before the expiration date.The holder of an option can exercise their right to buy or sell the underlying asset at any time before the expiration date, as long as the option is still in the money (i.e., the option has intrinsic value). However, if the option is out of the money (i.e., the option has no intrinsic value), the holder may choose not to exercise their option because it would not be profitable to do so.It's also worth noting that options can be automatically exercised by the options exchange if the option is in the money at expiration and the holder does not choose to exercise the option manually.<>finance