How different episodes of shows have different writers . How does a show like Breaking Bad or The Walking Dead have different writers each episode ? How does the show maintain consistency or direction ? How does the characterization and dialogue remain consistent ? Explain like I'm five.<>That 's what the producer and showrunner are for . URL_0 Because of the way TV shows are produced , they often have people writing the next episode at the same time the current one is being filmed . It 's too fast paced to have the same writer , director , and so on for every single episode . Instead , the producers and show runner oversee everything to make sure it 's consistent from episode to episode . There 's also often something called a \" series bible \" ( URL_1 ) which is a book full of details about the show , such as minor character 's names and personalities , plot points from previous episodes , relationships among characters , etc . that writers can refer to in order to help keep things consistent .<>In a TV show, the writers are responsible for creating the story and the dialogue for each episode. They work with the show's creator and the other writers to come up with ideas for the show and then write the scripts for each episode. Some shows have one or two main writers who are responsible for the overall direction and vision of the show, while other shows have a team of writers who work together to create each episode.\n\nTo maintain consistency and direction, the writers will often have meetings to discuss the overall direction of the show and the storylines for each character. They will also make sure to keep track of details from previous episodes so that everything fits together and makes sense.\n\nTo maintain consistency in characterization and dialogue, the writers will make sure to carefully plan out the personalities and characteristics of each character. They will also pay attention to how each character speaks and interacts with other characters to make sure that it is consistent with their personality.\n\nOverall, the process of creating a TV show involves a lot of collaboration and planning to make sure that each episode is interesting, consistent, and fits in with the overall direction of the show.<>reddit_eli5