when president nixon resigns<>Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1974, when he became the only president to resign the office.<>President Richard Nixon resigned from office on August 9, 1974. His resignation came after a series of events known as the Watergate scandal, in which it was discovered that Nixon had been involved in the cover-up of a break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters. As the scandal unfolded, Nixon faced increasing pressure to resign, and he eventually chose to do so rather than face impeachment proceedings in the House of Representatives and a trial in the Senate. Vice President Gerald Ford succeeded Nixon as President and took the oath of office on the same day.","President Richard Nixon resigned from office on August 9, 1974, in the midst of the Watergate scandal. The scandal, which began in 1972 with the break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate Hotel in Washington, D.C., ultimately led to the discovery of widespread corruption within the Nixon administration. As the investigation into the Watergate break-in and related activities unfolded, it became clear that Nixon had been involved in the cover-up and had lied to the American public about his knowledge of the events. Facing the likelihood of impeachment and removal from office, Nixon resigned and Vice President Gerald Ford became President.","President Richard Nixon resigned from office on August 9, 1974. His resignation followed the Watergate scandal, which involved the break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters in 1972 and the subsequent cover-up of the crime. After the break-in, a series of investigations revealed that the crime had been authorized by top officials in the Nixon administration, and that Nixon himself had attempted to obstruct the investigations. Facing almost certain impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate, Nixon resigned from office in order to avoid the stigma of being the first president to be impeached. Vice President Gerald R. Ford became president upon Nixon's resignation.<>open_qa