Please explain what is \"Electrical engineering\"<>Electrical engineering is an engineering discipline concerned with the study, design, and application of equipment, devices, and systems which use electricity, electronics, and electromagnetism. It emerged as an identifiable occupation in the latter half of the 19th century after commercialization of the electric telegraph, the telephone, and electrical power generation, distribution, and use.\nElectrical engineering is now divided into a wide range of different fields, including computer engineering, systems engineering, power engineering, telecommunications, radio-frequency engineering, signal processing, instrumentation, photovoltaic cells, electronics, and optics and photonics. Many of these disciplines overlap with other engineering branches, spanning a huge number of specializations including hardware engineering, power electronics, electromagnetics and waves, microwave engineering, nanotechnology, electrochemistry, renewable energies, mechatronics\/control, and electrical materials science.[a]\nElectrical engineers typically hold a degree in electrical engineering or electronic engineering.  Practising engineers may have professional certification and be members of a professional body or an international standards organization. These include the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) (formerly the IEE).\nElectrical engineers work in a very wide range of industries and the skills required are likewise variable. These range from circuit theory to the management skills of a project manager. The tools and equipment that an individual engineer may need are similarly variable, ranging from a simple voltmeter to sophisticated design and manufacturing software.<>Electrical engineering is a field of engineering that deals with the design, development, and maintenance of electrical systems and their components. Electrical engineers work on a wide range of projects, including power generation and distribution, electrical machinery, control systems, telecommunications, and electronic devices. They use principles of electrical science and mathematics to develop, test, and evaluate the performance of electrical and electronic systems and devices.\n\n\n\nElectrical engineers often work in industries such as electricity production and distribution, automotive, aerospace, telecommunications, and manufacturing. They may also work in research and development, consulting, or education. Electrical engineers use a variety of tools and technologies to design and test electrical systems, including computer-aided design (CAD) software, oscilloscopes, and other electronic testing equipment.\n\n\n\nSome common tasks for electrical engineers include designing and testing electrical systems, analyzing and troubleshooting problems, writing technical reports and specifications, and managing projects. They may also be responsible for maintaining and repairing electrical systems, as well as providing technical support to other professionals.\n\n\n\nElectrical engineering is a broad field that includes subfields such as power engineering, control engineering, electronic engineering, and computer engineering. Some electrical engineers specialize in a particular area, such as power transmission and distribution, while others work on a variety of projects.<>wiki_csai