What are the precautions to be taken before having polio vaccine?I have dermatomyositis and my baby grand-daughter is about to have her vaccinations which include the oral polio vaccine.  As this is a live vaccine, what precautions should I take as we are meant to avoid contact with people who have just received live vaccines?    Thank you.  Sarah<>Hi Sarah , I had gone through your question and understand your concerns.Because of your altered immunocompetence status , OPV should not be used to immunize your grand-daughter , Inactivated Polio Vaccine (IPV) is recommended vaccine for your grand- daughter . If  for any reason IPV not available or OPV is  necessary to be  administered to your grand- daughter , close contact between you and your grand- daughter should be avoided for approximately 1 month after vaccination, the period of maximum excretion of vaccine virus.Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us.Take care.•     DISCLAIMER: - All the information provided here is for information purpose only   , it is not a substitute for the advice of a physician after physical examination , it is not intended to replace your relationship with your doctor. This information in no way establishes a doctor-patient relationship. Before acting anything based on this information do consult your doctor. I  recommend that online users seek the advice of a physician who can perform an in-person physical examination<>It is generally recommended that people with compromised immune systems, such as those with dermatomyositis, avoid contact with individuals who have recently received live vaccines. This is because live vaccines contain a weakened form of the virus or bacteria that can potentially cause infection in people with compromised immune systems.\n\nTo reduce the risk of infection, it is important to take the following precautions:\n\nWash your hands frequently and avoid touching your face, especially after coming into contact with someone who has recently received a live vaccine.\n\nIf you must be in close contact with someone who has recently received a live vaccine, try to maintain a distance of at least 3 feet (1 meter).\n\nIf you are in close contact with someone who has recently received a live vaccine, try to avoid activities that could increase the risk of transmission, such as sharing food or drinks or using the same utensils.\n\nIf you are in close contact with someone who has recently received a live vaccine, you may want to consider wearing a mask to reduce the risk of transmission.\n\nIt is important to note that the risk of transmission from live vaccines is generally low, and the benefits of vaccination generally outweigh the potential risks. However, if you are concerned about the risk of infection, you may want to discuss your concerns with your healthcare provider.<>medicine